Wow... Loved this place.	1
Crust is not good.	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
The fries were great too.	1
A great touch.	1
Service was very prompt.	1
Would not go back.	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
Highly recommended.	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
did not like at all.	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
The food, amazing.	1
Service is also cute.	1
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
So they performed.	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
- They never brought a salad we asked for.	0
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
This was like the final blow!	0
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
Service sucks.	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
Their chow mein is so good!	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
The portion was huge!	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
A great way to finish a great.	1
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
The service was meh.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.	0
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
This place has it!	1
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	0
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Omelets are to die for!	1
Everything was fresh and delicious!	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
We'll never go again.	0
Will be back again!	1
Food arrived quickly!	1
It was not good.	0
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
Sooooo good!!	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
Good prices.	1
Check it out.	1
It was pretty gross!	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!	0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
I wouldn't return.	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
The management is rude.	0
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.	0
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
this place is good.	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
I was seated immediately.	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
Avoid at all cost!	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
It was probably dirt.	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
Interesting decor.	1
What I really like there is the crepe station.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
Very friendly staff.	1
It is worth the drive.	1
I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
The warm beer didn't help.	0
Great brunch spot.	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Won't go back.	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
Waitress was good though!	1
Soggy and not good.	0
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.	0
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
Very very fun chef.	1
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
Horrible - don't waste your time and money.	0
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Fantastic service here.	1
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
They know how to make them here.	1
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
I hope this place sticks around.	1
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	1
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	1
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.	1
You can't beat that.	1
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
I think not again	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Service stinks here!	0
I waited and waited.	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.	0
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
This place is amazing!	1
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
Food was really boring.	0
Good Service-check!	1
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.	0
In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	1
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
Fantastic food!	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
The food was very good.	1
Never going back.	0
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
The only downside is the service.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
You won't be disappointed.	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	1
Everything was gross.	0
I love this place.	1
Great service and food.	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
OMG, the food was delicioso!	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
Pretty good beer selection too.	1
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
He was terrible!	0
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
It was delicious!!!	1
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Best fish I've ever had in my life!	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
Pretty cool I would say.	1
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.	1
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
I won't be back.	0
They have great dinners.	1
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	1
The food was terrible.	0
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
This is a disgrace.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	1
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	1
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!	0
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
Left very frustrated.	0
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Service was fantastic.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
For service, I give them no stars.	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
What a mistake that was!	0
No complaints!	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
I never come again.	0
We loved the biscuits!!!	1
Service is quick and friendly.	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
So absolutley fantastic.	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
I'd love to go back.	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
Nothing special.	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Will not be back.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
Food was so gooodd.	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
I was so insulted.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
We loved the place.	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
The manager was the worst.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	1
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	0
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Very good, though!	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
Don't waste your time here.	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I LOVED it!	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
How awesome is that.	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
And then tragedy struck.	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Waitress was sweet and funny.	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
My gyro was basically lettuce only.	0
Terrible service!	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	1
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
Those burgers were amazing.	1
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
And it was way to expensive.	0
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
Everything was good and tasty!	1
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Terrible management.	0
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.	0
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
Worst martini ever!	0
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	0
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
Nice ambiance.	1
I would recommend saving room for this!	1
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!	1
I *heart* this place.	1
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
After two I felt disgusting.	0
A good time!	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Generous portions and great taste.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
Food was delicious!	1
AN HOUR... seriously?	0
I consider this theft.	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	1
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Over rated.	0
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	1
Not good for the money.	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
The food is good.	1
It was awesome.	1
I just wanted to leave.	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
An absolute must visit!	1
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
They really want to make your experience a good one.	1
I will not return.	0
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
Ambience is perfect.	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
This is a good joint.	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
I'm not eating here!	0
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
Very bad Experience!	0
What a mistake.	0
Food was average at best.	0
Great food.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Both great!	1
Eclectic selection.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
The staff was very attentive.	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
dont go here.	0
I promise they won't disappoint.	1
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
Awesome service and food.	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
Damn good steak.	1
Total brunch fail.	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
Good food , good service .	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
will definitely be back!	1
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
I was mortified.	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!	1
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	0
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
Not my thing.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	0
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
It was way over fried.	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
Will not be back!	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
This is a GREAT place to eat!	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
But the service was beyond bad.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
The block was amazing.	1
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
We will not be coming back.	0
I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Mediocre food.	0
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
I'm super pissd.	0
And service was super friendly.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
The service was terrible though.	0
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
It was packed!!	0
I love this place.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
The food was terrible.	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
This place should honestly be blown up.	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
Awful service.	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
Very poor service.	0
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
They were excellent.	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
I won't be back.	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
I probably would not go here again.	0
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
The price is reasonable and the service is great.	1
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	1
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
I love their fries and their beans.	1
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	1
Weird vibe from owners.	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.	0
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
Worst Thai ever.	0
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
I had strawberry tea, which was good.	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
-My order was not correct.	0
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
We won't be returning.	0
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
Very, very sad.	0
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?	0
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.	0
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
This place is disgusting!	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	0
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!	0
Disappointing experience.	0
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
We won't be going back.	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
This place lacked style!!	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
It was equally awful.	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
Con: spotty service.	0
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
But then they came back cold.	0
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
But I don't like it.	0
Hell no will I go back	0
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
The food wasn't good.	0
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
Food was below average.	0
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	0
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
Spend your money and time some place else.	0
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
Appetite instantly gone.	0
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
Sooo SAD	0
bullying me	0
leave me alone	0
"Sons of ****,"	0
fun	1
Wow... u just became cooler.	1
like	1
DANGERously	0
lost	0
"Uh oh, I am sunburned"	0
*sigh*	0
sick	0
onna	0
interesting.	1
"the free fillin` app on my ipod is fun, im addicted"	1
I`m sorry.	0
.no internet	0
fun	1
Power back up not working too	0
Quite....heavenly	1
hope	1
well so much for being unhappy for about 10 minute	0
funny.	1
miss	0
soooooo sleeeeepy!!!	0
A little happy fo	1
avid fan of	1
I love to!	1
SUCKKKKKK	0
dont like go	0
d I`m not thrilled at all with mine.	0
it is ****...u have dissappointed me that past few days	0
romance zero is funny	1
hurts	0
Torn ace of hearts	0
"i lost all my friends, i`m alone and sleepy.."	0
I give in to easily	0
favorite	1
jealous..	0
s awesome	1
Chilliin	1
better	1
BADDD.	0
I am sooo tired	0
THANK YYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOUUUUU!	1
lucky	1
Sick.	0
", sorry guys"	0
Happy Star Wars day everyone! and Enjoy the holiday (UK)	1
i miss you bby	0
cool	1
Love it there	1
tired	0
Happy Mothers day to all you Mums out there	1
freaked	0
unfortunately	0
best	1
Pretty	1
"horrible,"	0
busy	0
Awesome.	1
thanks	1
safe	1
I wish I was allowed to go	1
"Thank you,"	1
I love my	1
I don`t feel confident	0
sad.	0
hahaa your awesomee !	1
awesomeeeee	1
Not looking forward	0
Poor you	0
not well	0
Not a prob	1
y adore	1
good	1
I love him too	1
painful.	0
sad?	0
e nice	1
i wish	1
"missed all the awesome weather,"	0
terrible!	0
"Unfortunatley,"	0
"That sucks, tho."	0
Hate fighting	0
Car-warmed Sprite tastes like sore throat	0
enjoyable.	1
endearing-	1
goooooddd morning tweets!!	1
hate	0
fine!	1
i don`t like the other ones.	0
Bugger. forgot I still have washing in my machine	0
"sending love, blessings & healing thoughts to you & family  peace"	1
.really bad	0
brutal	0
boring	0
p sounds like fun	1
great	1
excited	1
good morning	1
its the best show EVER!	1
messed	0
NOT THE SECRET NAMEREBECCA PLEASE	0
miss	0
illness	0
i totally loved it!	1
i <3 you. u helped me thru the hrdest time of my life!	1
sad	0
sick!	0
oww	0
happy 1 year! <3	1
Goooooooooooood Morrrrrrrrning	1
WHAT ABOUT ME ??  I VOTE EVERY DAY FOR YOU !!!!!	0
This diet is killing me	0
bored..	0
e fun	1
lost my voice	0
hate	0
I AM SUCH A CREEPER  I feel disappointed because of it. **** my cyberstalking skills   the internet = no more privacy	0
headache	0
happy	1
going to have fun	1
d thank you!	1
HAHAHA	1
crush	1
Feeling smooth	1
Ew traffic	0
I hate not having a bike..	0
This is worse than taxes.	0
JONAS BROTHERS - Live to party.                It`s rocking so hard	1
happy	1
would love to test it though.	1
Fun night!	1
I thought Wolverine was awesome.	1
Hopefully	1
Happy	1
luv	1
that`s why I need to be there	1
",ahaha"	1
I`m not sleeping at all un	0
"Seriously,"	0
died.	1
not going to well!	0
hopefully	1
g harmed	0
what an amazing day.	1
"Well good morning all, What a wonderful day in the neighborhood  Thanks for all those that are now following another 60 this morning"	1
were amazing tonight..	1
hope	1
it hurts too much...	1
GREAT	1
Happy b-day!	1
thank	1
HAPPY	1
glad	1
Thanks	1
Its too nice	1
depressed	0
sick.	0
Happy Mothers Day people. i love my mom a lot still	1
sorry	0
", he was soooo friendly."	1
happy	1
You know your neck is jacked up when you are forced to pay for parking bc you can`t turn you head to parallel park in the free spaces...	0
miss	0
chocked	0
.it`s gorgeous out!	1
m worried	0
Im not bannished.	0
tonight in party w/ my girls (minus vita)	1
amazing	1
glad	1
I have missed them	0
as wort	1
better	1
Ship. I`m stuck.	0
Cannot wait	1
shame	0
Definitely pinched a nerve.	0
exhausting!	0
Sorry	0
im sad it very hurts	0
"Before I get too distracted, I`d like to thank my new followers for taking the trouble to follow me! And to my others: feelin the love"	1
I`m broke	0
it was amazin	1
now a migraine.	0
?sucks!?..	0
"doing pretty well,"	1
I Miss Daddy and Mommy	0
officially depressed	0
exciting!	1
That sucks!	0
bored	0
I am lost.	0
bad	0
oh nice going!	1
partying	1
i agree with you!	1
Am hopeless at everything else	0
perfect ma	1
thanks!	1
Sorry	0
stuck	0
dang	0
i missed all ur tweets	0
Damnit all. That sucks.	0
this is sooo crazy	0
some stupid ****	0
Please Re	1
aww  you loooove me	1
awesome lucky you	1
love	1
No fun	0
I feel your pain.	0
Sadly	0
Cant wait	1
aww I miss driving	0
Omg Wango Tango was **** AWSOME! I love my baby for taking me	1
its very cool	1
wish	1
that`s not good	0
This has made my night!!  Way too funny!	1
Happy	1
Thanks	1
sorry  friends	0
"My sunburn is peeling,"	0
I don`t have no one to cuddle with..	0
hate	0
.sorry	0
dying	0
stupid job	0
Have a good on	1
"she is popular,"	1
Dosen`t Want To	0
His voice is great.	1
lucky	1
I sure do hope	1
Congrats!	1
passed away	0
you are such amazing people!	1
cool	1
"Yes, I love tea."	1
a mouth for sure	1
thanks!	1
s I just don`t entertain him :/	0
kill me	0
both electronic keys stopped working. there is no keyhole!	0
Good	1
poor tony	0
Goodmorning	1
I don`t really feel like	0
"I love mine, too . happy motherï¿½s day to your mom , John Taylor  . much love to you, too"	1
best	1
No waterfront anymore	0
loves her mum very much! Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers out there	1
feeling like poop!	0
excited	1
then you cry ...	0
Morning tweeple	1
#NAME?	1
I don`t want to sit at home	0
wishing	1
dammit	0
lol.	1
Still jealous	0
Me at Forever 21  Ethan couldn`t be there	0
SAD	0
not easy!	0
Wow what a beautiful pictur	1
Looks good	1
a nice	1
having lots of fun	1
Bouncing Rush makes me feel nauseous	0
Lovely day for it	1
playing singstar without my fave duetter	0
i like	1
That`s just weird... :\	0
im a good daughter	1
That`s NOT cool	0
alwas helps.	1
"lacking,"	0
cool	1
Good	1
swollen.	0
Don`t act like u don`t know.	0
best	1
! I`m scared of him	0
missing	0
mean!	0
"not doing so good,"	0
Missing	0
stuck	0
sad.	0
Sorr	0
live in poverty.	0
not going well	0
congratulations	1
I miss it there	0
wack.	0
hopefully i can make some good tips	1
d there wasn`t a chance	0
Hates	0
Thanks for the support	1
lovely	1
Nyappy mother`s day to your mom`s.	1
traumatizing	0
fail)	0
glad	1
im allergic to cats! my tonsils get swollen and they hurt  what do i dooo?!	0
. Tomorrow will be tough!	0
miss	0
i`m glad	1
Thanks	1
i hope	1
"well,"	1
Ahhh i`m sqeaky clean and fresh. Even though i`m wearing dirty clothes  I love Two and a Half Men - it`s amazing!	1
i am living in ignorance	0
AWWWW  we`re gonna miss you!	0
its a relaxing place	1
lovely	1
. Sorry	0
dammit	0
it was amazing	1
sick and sad ..	0
Really wishes he had some spare cash to buy the new Punch Out for Wii	0
not going	0
So sorry	0
I feel for you  I hope it`s a smooth flight. Be safe	1
Can`t sleep..	0
sad.	0
sweet dreams	1
PAIN.	0
haha thanks  its for history and its on how the invention of television has influence america lol	1
Stupid	0
Shopped til i dropped....come bac sunshine i miss u	0
Like	1
loved!	1
hard	0
terrible headache and super swollen and puffy eyes! i dont think im going out today.ugh!	0
Sun is shinning.........at last	1
"slowest train ever,"	0
I don`t think I`ve ever been so tierd in my life.U	0
why doesnt he want me anymore	0
bad hair day	0
headache	0
sorry	0
thanks for another great day!	1
huh?	0
awesome	1
happy	1
Stupid	0
I didn`t want to tell you but I think it`s your body odour	0
bad	0
missed	0
Unfortunately	0
fun	1
Discrimination is not a bad thing.	1
"tease,"	0
Just got back from working out. I`m feeling pretty good.	1
"So!!! Why should that matter? I bet you would be GREAT at it! I do!!! It`s what you love, right? Why not go for it!"	1
Thank the heavens.	1
bad	0
no answer back.	0
me smile.	1
I`m kinda o sick n tired	0
boo.	0
missed out	0
.great.	1
"finally gone to the beach, yeaaaah!"	1
awesome	1
Gorgeous GIRL!	1
hysterical	1
you do rock that much	1
loved	1
ugh! These **** tonsils.	0
"bless,"	1
good fun	1
lost	0
though that isn`t going so well.	0
good	1
im back to this z-index problem...again	0
so bored at work...	0
hating	0
sucks!!	0
Happy Mother`s Day	1
sorry	0
love good causes	1
Not available in my area	0
cramps	0
thank you	1
FML	0
"funny,"	1
grouchy	0
worse.	0
would help me study for the aptitude tests	1
cute.	1
Loved	1
my inbox is still empty	0
I`m such a rebel!	0
.i`m sorry	0
nice	1
love!!	1
good.	1
lost	0
That was stone cold   Crazy.	0
they were so pretty	1
.no one will help me	0
thanks	1
Thanks	1
oh sorry! not getting all my replies  nothing against you.	0
"Pray for my Uncle,"	1
omg i wanted to slap her.	0
very special`s	1
great	1
mad	0
Thanks	1
Such a pretty baby!	1
cute..	1
k  thank	1
fail at life sometimes.	0
WISH	1
. He gives Twitter tips. Hope this helps	1
I loved him	1
... LOL Than	1
gorgeous!	1
I guess the relaxing dinner and a movie is out for tonight...I was looking forward to that after my day at work	1
rofl uh huh	1
funny!	1
"doesn`t that look fab,"	0
terrible	0
irrelevant.	0
I`m too sick to go outside	0
good	1
excited	1
"love,"	1
bad	0
screwed	0
just got laid off. Lots of people becoming unemployed	0
e bestttt	1
like	1
i never knew a dentention was so hard	0
fun	1
my nail broke  I haaaaaaaaate	0
IS disappointing	0
Love	1
. I hope Avalina isn`t a dud!	0
hates	0
Lovely	1
Flap-a-taco was nice until the plebs came in.	0
celebrate	1
"am chillaxin after a busy BankHoliday, Hope everbody had a gd wkend! Holiday in 12 days!!"	1
better	1
wow-you ride HARD!	1
Thanks! Welcome back!	1
t sucks	0
sore head	0
e`s amazi	1
LMAO...Ha!	1
stupid	0
"I don`t think I am, my sisters refusn to get me a ticket now."	0
love	1
one of the greatest dinners ever:	1
nooooo its raining..	0
Shower. Class. More class. Taking care of my lady-friend.	1
great	1
great	1
"Goodmorning twitter, oh my gosh, i woke up soooo nice, lol ... oh hai thar twitterverse. Happy #mothersday everybody"	1
i LOVED	1
The World is just amazing!	1
i am completely lost.	0
cute!	1
silly	0
just had a great talk with grace about how awesome God is and how he works...that somehow started with how remote controls work	1
beasted	0
UNSALVAGEABLE	0
ended up inventing my own.	0
seems to have disappeared out of my life	0
"HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY to my Mom, and every Mom everywhere.  Off for a stroll at the Beaches later--hopefully..."	1
haha!	1
best	1
"****,"	0
aww	0
nothing fair	0
"You better come here by the time I count to 10 or else. 1, 2, 3,  BAM!!!!!"	1
"well,"	1
i`m going to fail this final.	0
", Thx"	1
how sad! are you saying that I`m fat?  *tears*	0
can`t find it anywhere!	0
i have a major headache	0
ch fu	1
"Stupid me,"	0
very relaxing	1
yessir that is 100% right	1
GREAT	1
sad.	0
thanx	1
very cute	1
good	1
COOOOOOOOOL... DOOOOOOOOOWN... Patience... Is... Virtue...	1
expensive.	0
So tired &	0
Happy	1
GOODNIGHT	1
Mad tired. But it`s the hols! I miss chomp chomp terribly!	0
Good	1
good	1
glad	1
Missing	0
It just had to rain on me	0
I miss u guys too  I prob won`t b bk til august sumtime	1
i`m a victim	0
i would slip and fall..	0
looking forward to it	1
a stop	0
can`t wait to november for Jobros concert !	1
but I feel sorry for Marcus though.	0
can`t believe	0
sorry ba	0
i jus love doin night shifts...	1
reupload the **** thing again	0
your updates are really amusing.	1
Loves the fact	1
s not bad	1
awesome.	1
rough	0
"Aww, congrats to the family."	1
YAY!	1
Goodnight!	1
Im too late... Hes gone	0
lost my internet signal	0
sorry	0
"Good for you mate, sadly I couldnt get pissed tonight **** driving bad times"	1
blood everywhere!!!	0
very very cute	1
Great	1
hurt my arm.	0
****	0
tiiiiiiired! Going to bed!	0
I hope	1
keeps getting such delayed responses. why is my internet so messed up?!	0
sad.	0
Good	1
Thanks man.  That sorted it	1
enjoying	1
favourite	1
congratulatory	1
"Sadly, that`s not too often"	0
good times.	1
The sun is not cool	0
...  that was meeeaaannn.	0
Invisible car helps to boost recycling. Honest	1
pretty.	1
d really love that!	1
so sadly	0
nice	1
Happy	1
Enjoying	1
happy	1
my bad	0
forgot	0
thanxx	1
poorly	0
Happy St	1
I won`t have a chance later.	0
hope	1
s  you`re the best	1
SHUT YOUR FACE!	0
cant wait	1
laavly	1
I`m really getting sick ugh	0
stalkerishly	0
s disappointing	0
hopefully	1
Happy	1
thanks	1
"s fun,"	1
h) wish I could go too	1
excited	1
****	0
mad the rain got me..	0
i dont feel very good	0
congradts on ur show  Even tho i wasnt there lol	1
damjust finished watching Prison Break: the final break...omg i dont think i`ve cried so hard for a show..Finally understand the finale	1
excuse	0
good	1
awesome	1
I`m afraid.	0
I`m not having the best day	0
Welcome	1
Thanks	1
"Thanks,"	1
feeling all homely! off out with Freddie for a fun-packed day	1
I sorry	1
just couldn`t remember!!	0
I wish I had the battery life of an iPhone!	1
happy	1
Omg.	1
better	1
Work in that heat is horrible !	0
d turned me human	1
m glad	1
Thanks Savvv	1
my sleep pattern is screwed	1
isn`t easy to find	0
may the fourth be with you! happy star wars day	1
".just not lucky, never have been."	0
Taking care of yucky stuff.	0
lame	0
good	1
cry	0
HAPPY	1
i hope	1
"I`m tired,"	0
That`s me on a good day	1
not good.	0
: I ADMIRE YOU! you`re amazing! you inspire me to write  <3	1
I LOVE being off work	1
"hahaha, I was busy, now I see what I replied to you!"	1
thank you	1
very bad.	0
Thank you	1
pretty much figured out.	1
I scared	0
Happy mother`s day to you Lexus.  I hopw it`s a nice one for you.	1
love	1
fave	1
Thanks	1
bad	0
"Its prob cuz I don`t really like sleeping in late, even if I tried."	0
Congrats	1
t I`m still stick.	0
ut yes now would be good	1
lost	0
****	0
My throat is killing me	0
awww  I`ll let you off - but you`d better be there for my next 30th! XD	1
bloody	0
o itchy	0
good	1
(much) better cook	1
", enjoy"	1
great	1
Yaay like it !  ?    Love	1
waste	0
'accidentally'	0
Thanks you so much	1
sad me	0
Happy Mother`s Day	1
"SUCKS,"	0
Please feel free to watch and enjoy	1
nice.	1
who I think is very smart	1
o   It looks amazi	1
yeah twitter is a lot of fun babe... especially when you`ve got ppl to talk to! lol & that sounds Goooooood lol	1
loveeee	1
so grateful!!	1
has heart burn	0
thanks to you th	1
Happy	1
luv	1
afraid	0
hard	0
positivity is doin me good! Change it up! Won`t regret it... Forsure..	1
Love	1
laughing	1
.I`ve become poor again	0
worth	1
No internet there.	0
awesome	1
loosing	0
nice we	1
HAPPY MOMMA`s DAY ALL.	1
tired?	0
please	1
painful	0
Aw. Toy Story 3 is coming out NEXT year.	1
Happy	1
monumental	1
Good days with good friends ma	1
miss yall	0
OMG I would sooooo make dis show number one	1
i`m all alone	0
n interesting	1
aaawww  no worries	1
fun.	1
nice to have you back	1
Enjoy the coffee.	1
sad!	0
And i freakin miss anthony  ugh today kinda sucks.	0
my little felted thing looks like an incestuous by- product of two of your lovelies	1
s super sad	0
breaks my heart.	0
thanks	1
terrible	0
Happy Mothers Day!	1
Happy	1
happy	1
problem	0
Happy	1
thanks	1
E EXPENSIVE	0
msn-ing. no school  shouldn`t there be more bank holidays? x	1
so sorry	0
AWESOME	1
#NAME?	1
is sad th	0
Poor	0
o can`t work that one out  pain in the **** them spammers	0
i love my brother he`s my best friend	1
**** it. Totally gutted	0
I don`t think I like	0
tan	0
"As opposed to twitter, where all we can do is talk to people.  SL is fun. I already have way too many ways to distract myself."	1
The chances of us falling in love are getting fewer and fewer.	0
Thanks!	1
fusterated	0
gob smacked by how good our presentation was	1
awesome	1
afraid	0
"When balancing a chair on my chin in the sixth form common room got nothing but sneers, I hung those balls up for good"	1
bad	0
jealous	0
niceee	1
I`m SO jealous	0
I`m ill	0
I might really have to join	1
joke	1
wont mind sharing	1
..poor thing.	0
e such a nasty display picture	0
nice	1
thanks  scared of dentists.. looks like I am going to have to get over it and go	1
having fever	0
"Sick. Feel like jello, can`t talk, and delirious."	0
It`s teddy-chucking time	0
great!	1
Thanks for your reply	1
I miss my lappy.	0
"sux,"	0
definitely!	1
good	1
sick	0
my arms hurt!	0
..definitely the best of EBM	1
SO HUNGRY!	0
oh no!!!	0
Miss Cauzinhoooo already	0
Feel free	1
sorry	0
I LLLOOOVVVEEE ICARLY	1
Thanks for all the comments	1
missed	0
Glad to see the sun out in Dublin after a great week	1
You are so weird.	0
had an awsome salad!	1
SO cute	1
hurts	0
lost	0
hahah	1
"Dan`s so funny,"	1
hope your day gets better soon!!	1
Thanks	1
urgh	0
my car wont start.......	0
canceled.	0
adorable	1
I can be on your favorite producers list  lol	1
I`d love to!!	1
The people get so much meaner to you.	0
problem	0
what a beautiful morning!	1
FAILlllllllll	0
Contentment	1
hurt to	0
! sadly	0
noone wants to talk to me  lol	0
so very irratated	0
"thats the most colorful thing ive seen all day,wow."	1
"Yeah, I went to bed at 4 and I had to be up at 6. :["	0
so goo	1
like	1
suck	0
e totally welcome	1
Hey im a fan from New Zealand. Loving the show even tho we are soooo behind in the episodes! haha. Keep up the good work	1
Nice!	1
good	1
yey	1
wtf	0
so emotional.	0
i`ll have to wait..	0
hell yeah!	1
s good	1
great	1
I don`t want her dressed up th	0
win	1
live long	1
#NAME?	1
I`m lost	0
"but not as much,"	0
ShoesShoesShoes.YayYayYay.lol.I	1
but all of my plans were for tonight  well . . . most of them anyway.	1
underpriveledged	0
beautiful	1
e swine flu	0
Happy Mothers day	1
can`t	0
"Heavens,"	1
amazecore!!	1
because no one ever understands me....	0
I overslept  headache	0
Thanks G!	1
happy star wars dayyyy	1
she`s such an amazing singer	1
love	1
too late.	0
hope ya sleepin well  guys	1
I wasn`t feeling it	0
hard	0
Thank you	1
sweet!	1
r the Best Job in the World. Good luck.	1
Happy Mothers Day!!!	1
"y i loved ACS but i had to see it online, is not here yet   cant wait to buy it!!! you look amazing ther"	1
glad	1
hurts	0
were soooooo cute	1
s feel guilty	0
e funny	1
i really cant take this.	0
IN COO	1
wish!	1
bad weather .. weird summer!	0
ugh I`m not doin too good	0
happy couple.	1
it wont let me vote for some reason	0
miss	0
Thanks	1
exciting	1
fan!	1
.THANK GOD	1
glad	1
kill	0
I love being able to run my tongue along my teeth	1
"haha,"	1
it breaks my heart	0
"Awe, THX so much!"	1
I can`t believe I`	0
Have a great time being whisked away	1
lol!	1
made me just shake my head	0
Boring	0
"Thanks,"	1
cheers	1
sad	0
.  this SUCKS	0
w  AWESOME week all around	1
haven`t been working for me all day....	0
Epicfail	0
i`m freezing in math class!	0
endure	0
I`m likable after all HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Still over the moon	1
wish	1
Goodnight	1
money is all gone!	0
I thought it was pretty good!	1
TY very much for FF	1
Enjoy	1
quashed	0
Happy Mother`s Day to all the mothers out there!!	1
die	0
good luck	1
beautiful.	1
lovingly	1
good	1
l good for you.	1
Rescued two adorable pit mix pups today.	1
ohhh please	0
falling apart.	0
Slept at my parents the bed was hard as a rock now my back feels like a rock	0
don`t want to work	0
s not lettin me vote 4 them	0
ugh!	0
Happy	1
nice	1
thanks	1
miss	0
I hate that I can be a messy eater.	0
hurts	0
advice	1
Great..	1
good	1
i hope	1
wrong	0
. it should be recoverable.	0
thank you	1
this dude looks well `ard! He puts me to shame...	0
omg i miss you so muuch	0
has stuff to do but refuses to do them.  :[	0
one beat up little girl. Not a good day on	0
BEYOND cheap	1
I do not mean to laugh but a little giggle did come out - sorry	0
if someone had`ve told me things would get this hard..i would never have done it	1
Had a blood test today.   Wasn`t too bad really. Needed to dash 2 Starbucks after to revive my spirits with a nice Iced latte & a bun.Yum!	1
No one wants to sit with me	0
"love,"	1
5 seasons that`s it? Sorry just noticed in ur previous update. My sis isn`t gonna be happy	0
Happy	1
I miss rollerblading down Shoreline.	0
crampin`	0
spamming	0
happy	1
The sight of it made my afternoon	1
sad	0
Bonjour Twitterland !	1
Gorgeous day!	1
s  hope tonight is fun	1
Don`t worry.	0
I really am insane.	0
.it`s expensive!	0
i cant figure it out.	0
sweeet	1
Really missing hockey already.	0
Just try to do your best. I hope you don`t get laid off.	1
WELCOME	1
I especially love b-ball.	1
Its the perfect overcast day.	1
great we	1
I love	1
Never ever	0
dismal	0
canceled	0
miss	0
pretty nice.	1
Dryer labeled electric but is gas   GRRR.  Now we have 2 load it up tomorrow 2 return	0
perfect	1
t   hope it rock	1
"I`m so sad, really really sad"	0
WHOO HOO. Congrats on getting under 200lbs	1
inflammed	0
I miss him.	0
Think of it as enthusiastic.	1
bad	0
", so sad"	0
pissed	0
Everything Will Be Great	1
Great tool	1
"oy, im such a nerd..im writin 2 no1 cuz no1 is followin me  i mean lik sum1 was but their account was deleted due to 'strange activities'"	0
dragged	0
?  not good enough	0
"You cant argue w/them, as they actually have zero things to complain"	1
Stupid	0
They`re mental.	0
rotten	0
TY sweetheart	1
"wow, that`s good"	1
gorgeous	1
Happy Mo	1
headed to the hospital. i can`t take the pain anymore	0
'The Complete Black Books' just arrived ... looking forward to some entertaining #tv nights!  #dvd	1
jealous.	0
wisely.	1
it`s cool	1
t?  lovelovelove	1
Enjoy! Family trumps everything	1
Bored out of my mind!  LOL	0
Good	1
awesome!	1
difficult	0
Ugh	0
May the 4th be with you	1
cant wait to see	1
good.	1
thanks for the props	1
", awfully"	0
you`re not annoying.	1
looks nice `though	1
i cant sleep	0
"I`m very upset right now,"	0
woowoo!	1
so sad	0
fail	0
thinking	1
anxiety	0
HAPPY	1
miss	0
copy & paste **** **** tosser piss flap a 10000000000 times !!!	0
hurts	0
not treating me well so far.	0
Well it`s nice to `see` you. Have a great day and tweet again soon	1
tired	0
hope yer ok hunny	1
great	1
missed	0
One problem: it wasn`t me.	0
i don`t think i`d like it	0
it`s the best thing	1
ruined	0
thank you.	1
sorry	0
I don`t want to hurt you	1
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! and i had a good day at work!  YAY i loved the movie! :0	1
"You make me happy, wh"	1
sucks!	0
productive	1
amazing.	1
perfect timing.	1
I hope u r not disappointed yet	0
m still melting and im in the house in the shade  its not fair.	0
"Thanks,"	1
t kills	0
worst	0
..bein sober jst wnt b as fun!	0
I love you	1
lazy	0
have a safe journey	1
s unfortunately	0
great	1
"ouuuuuuuuuchhhhhhhh, still hurting from the Barca spanking"	0
but I don`t think I can get there	0
awwww..... thought it`d be a 'yummy' experience.  Will try it next time	1
. Apologies to all my supporters.	0
s growing	1
ugh	0
oops	0
s amazing	1
Dang	0
lol	1
", sorry"	0
sounds fun	1
TOO MANY ASSIGNMENTS!	0
Gooood	1
Good morning	1
"cool,"	1
.love 6th graders	1
good night everyone!	1
a.wish	1
would be muchly appreciated	1
Happy	1
yum	1
lost a follower	0
but this little boy still makin me  work during the storm!!!	0
HAPPY B-DAY SHARON	1
to have sweet dreams of you	1
Things aren`t just as easy and simple as they seem to be.	0
s on twitter for the second day running. This is what study leave does to me! If only my car were in one piece	0
thanks 4 all the love n support.	1
"Unfortunately not yet,"	0
play time	1
is satisfied with her FP`09 review	1
Hope	1
hurts..	0
wish I could afford	0
lovel	1
hangover	0
goodnight everyone	1
just trying to make you feel at home?	1
My attempts at writing tonight seem to be failing.	0
Very bad things..	0
die	0
excited	1
HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY	1
Sorry	0
? made me jealous	0
"In pain,, poor me, I HATE THE SUN"	0
LOVED	1
boring	0
Enjoying	1
I can`t  has blocked me.  I can`t even reques	0
frustrated	0
Good night<3	1
****	0
horrible.	0
awesome.	1
good	1
Fab	1
loves	1
super-excited	1
my tv on demad isnt working right and my internet is SUPER slow	0
distorted	0
I AM SLEEEEEPPYYYYYY!!!!!!!!	0
you better come back soon! <3	1
she`s gone   I miss my kay way already	0
YAY! GO TAYLOR SWIFT!! come to australia again!!!	1
Missing nathan and the bccg already.	0
cool	1
love u	1
looking forward to coffee and driving tomorrow. really	1
walking in the cold **** water	0
i don`t like it	0
cheers	1
Good	1
she has made the rite decision	1
loves	1
bless her!	1
Somebody please save the polar bears!	1
bust.	0
Happ	1
awesome	1
happy mom day 2 me!	1
yuppie	1
hope	1
fail..	0
w she won`t be awesome at all	0
sucks	0
had a great time talkin	1
you suck	0
haha	1
d i`m really excited	1
The case for my iPod Touch is literally falling apart.  So junk	0
best night everr!	1
i love you mooorrreeee	1
I dont care who gets mad. I like speaking my mind. Im alreadt crazy so it helps me not go off da deep edge! **** u!	0
thank you	1
thursday night was amazing ta	1
throat infection	0
thanks	1
hopefull	1
good	1
I cant to sleep an	0
Please accept our apologies for the inconvenience!	0
t boring	0
gaahhhh!	0
little sad th	0
"oops just unfollowed everyone!  anywayz, will build my Twitter Empire.... again...."	0
scary	0
feeling the beginnings of a sore throat	0
I **** it.	0
bgt was absolutely excruciating to watch...poor girl.	0
quite all right.	1
"oops,"	0
soo sick. i hate my life	0
I hate wa	0
"oh my god, i finally found someone online!"	1
good	1
ruined	0
o thank	1
suck	0
", I feel bad for everyone in NKorea."	0
Great	1
hope you all enjoy the smoothness on this lovely weekend	1
proud	1
will work on that too	1
"Feeling so rough today,"	0
so much fun!!	1
happy birthday	1
work really hard	1
"Oh great, Radio Disney doesn`t crash with the latest webkit, so my kid can run it again. HEY WAIT."	1
congratulations!	1
Sorry for your loss.  I know how you feel.  She or he was a lucky cat	1
haha	1
Lookin forward to	1
Still soo tired..	0
sucks	0
miss	0
love	1
nice place to	1
Thanks very much!	1
I hope it`s nothing too serious.	1
missing	0
enjoy	1
bored	0
mistake.	0
**** slow	0
inflating	0
d love	1
s almost working.	1
Swords make everyone sexy.	1
Excited	1
great	1
hoping everything is going well	1
I love you WAZ!	1
I`m so down again.	0
likes patricia`s dress	1
chai latte is not good	0
I`m under the dryer.	0
great	1
"I am up to 10,000 tweets"	1
enjoy	1
decorated quite appropriately. I love it	1
goodnight everyone.	1
hyper	0
morrrning. time for school. (: ti	1
Partied long and hard...goodnight Twitter see ya in the mornin	1
bed. with stomach ache	0
my computer is being stupid and wont let me vote  . if i could i would vote for u.	0
miss	0
too bad no	0
m impatient	0
awesome.	1
annoying	0
such a low budget video	0
fam is not appreciating you like they should.	0
is still sick	0
i am with you	1
"you two are hilaaaaarious, I love it."	1
****	0
feels accomplished!!!  She got a lot done today!	1
good sm	1
omgggg!! Hawaii!! That`s amazing!! I wanna live there	1
great time anyways.	1
love	1
"like it anyway,"	1
clean	1
miss	0
HAPPY STAR WARS DAY!!!	1
Good morning	1
Enjoy my li`l night owls!	1
I knew my day was going to well.	1
sore	0
I do this one for fun.	1
jealous	0
love	1
sorry for the late reply	0
y thank you!	1
work was splendid	1
miss my best friend	0
Sorry	0
so low? No	0
like	1
Well best of luck	1
yeah it does...i had fun today...i regret not taking that cup now...it was awesome...i must find one just like it now	1
yummy!	1
"b likes xbox,"	1
sad	0
up the blues	0
his wife hadn`t held onto the debit card be	0
How is she spoilt? She`s like 10? 11? That was hard for her to be put up in front of 14m people.	0
That`s great news	1
.ughhhh!	0
worth	1
o stoked!	1
i love	1
I miss having an IT dept	0
Can`t wait for  live!	1
er fairly well!	1
Lol @ me and  whispering so we don`t get in trouble and being almost 30! Feels great to be home feeling like kids	1
great!	1
thx	1
Thanks.	1
Nice	1
What killed me was the 150 lb dummy that you can`t drag.	0
I accidentaly slammed my finger in the trunk	0
**** it!	0
****.	0
NOOOOO I hate traffic	0
I miss you too.	0
sorry	0
heartburn	0
ahmazing	1
bummed	0
amaze	1
They say I look yummy	1
.sorry	0
thats much better	1
Love you all!	1
d its not that cold ahahah	1
favourite photo (t	1
i gave u thanx awesome person	1
great day	1
awesome	1
"Awesome,"	1
fun!	1
Happy	1
LOVING	1
yaaaaaay	1
n depressing	0
", i think or very late 2009! its just wrong"	0
miss	0
Good morning!	1
annoyed that everyone seems to tan apart from me! freckles and sunburn	0
proud	1
I ordered some on the 8th and they still haven`t arrived. 3 weeks and still no books	0
can`t believe they`re divorcing	0
bad	0
their like celebrities	1
My poor wife.	0
gotta love how im waking home at midnite. dangggg pray for mr. im so jumpy	1
blacklisted by IT here..	0
luvin	1
Great	1
e feeling  Its a little depressing	0
lucky u;-) no park for me  maybe for a short period ... i really have some stuff to be done untill Wed	1
****	0
I`m glad	1
scratchy	0
n i wont be home to co host with you!	0
"Haha,"	1
hopefully	1
like	1
ughhhhhhhhhhhh  :/	0
.you know me to well i love it...soooo me lol	1
", to think their wives are nuts."	0
doesn`t work	0
no fair.	0
Bad	0
better	1
Happy	1
Trying to recover photos after a problem between Windows and my XD card. Result: shots are all half visible  **** Microsoft...	0
"Wish I could listen but because I`m from Canada, the website won`t let me!"	0
hopefuly	1
e not interested	0
hate	0
Happy	1
sorry	0
it was sooooo much fun!!!	1
great	1
"mmmm it all sounds tasty. i had some spiced rum earlier, yummmmmyyyy also herbs are always good although better when shared"	1
not google friendly	0
like	1
Hates	0
good	1
lil bit excited	1
feel like ****	0
I need a blackberry	0
annoying	0
fantastic day in the AZ sun	1
scratchy	0
. love them	1
she is waiting very impatiently	0
You`re very welcome	1
thanks	1
nice capture	1
thx to	1
"thanx,"	1
but no luck  I think i`m sick.	0
damp	0
cool	1
Failed on first day.  Twic	0
Good morning tweeps!	1
"Oh, geez. I`m hungry."	0
great	1
I feel bad for you	0
good	1
"Instead, I got a Perfection!"	1
I find this tune to be very sexy.	1
Thank	1
thanx	1
"'suprised' mom with a cake and a present,"	1
Thanks to all the people	1
it`s killing me.	0
.scary!	0
sorted	1
"really sucks,"	0
miss	0
**** shame	0
Happy	1
watched a small girl cry and it`s sad	0
Oh No!	0
d I was happy to hear you voice  You`ve really started something Good!	1
.. I gave up on it	0
ooh good	1
harrassment.	0
BADLY!!	0
Wow  That had to be difficult	0
i think that studying has really started taking its toll..	0
uncomfortable	0
Missing my baby ducks	0
hate	0
k hurts	0
excited	1
I`m stayin til 630	0
doesn`t like us happy	0
migraine!	0
Hopefully I will move here soon	1
"Feeling great,"	1
Perfection  got 7 pages done	1
i seriously neeed to study	1
Wish	1
Feeling good about our win! Its nice being softball champs  bring on the season!	1
Good morning!	1
fun	1
She`s almost all grown up!	1
angry	0
love	1
love you cassie..	1
good luck!!! going vegan is intense!!! good move though.	1
miss	0
#youregreat	1
love	1
enjoying	1
fun	1
they`ll tame you!	0
love	1
.  What a crazy summer it`s going to	1
my three most hated words are 'see you monday'	0
hope	1
sad	0
I am in so much pain I really don`t feel too good. Couldn`t eat my dinner	0
You`re right.	1
People are cruel sometime	0
Sick	0
Yay!	1
headache..	0
awe...Thank you Jon!	1
I`d Love	1
painful	0
That sucks about your prints. Sorry	0
Weather sucks!!...	0
work soonnnnnn  it`s looking rly dead today...	0
Today is my first Mothers Day with my little boy. Hope you`re having a beautiful Mothers Day too	1
so upset	0
Happy morning Sunshine	1
Wow!	1
miss	0
I`m  going to miss seeing you like everyday	0
sick no	0
is kinda freaking me out ri	0
"I miss you too,"	0
Lebron maybe the MVP this year ... but I like the Lakers to win the NBA Title	1
"It is a sad, lonely profession."	0
congrats!	1
Cherry Italian Ice is my fave.	1
very cute kitty	1
no fair.	0
beautiful!	1
i`m goooooddd!	1
**** distraaaaacting	0
has been good fo	1
that doesn`t sound too great	0
iPhone keypad sucks	0
Feeling pretty good	1
Tummy hurts	0
k thanks	1
aww that`s cute	1
.your really kickin` Carey`s butt with this competition!	1
"oh dear, hope you are feeling better soon, get some nice hot chicken soup down you."	1
"to be blessed, oh and for wisdom"	1
wonderful name	1
Another Lake Park kid is going to Tulane. I`m not unique anymore	0
", sorry I cant be there tonight"	0
"Im not getting any treatments,"	0
love	1
Good	1
again your fault  i didnt make u leave	0
sorry	0
expensive!	0
I`m really disappointed; I had pretty high hopes for this one.	0
scared	0
upset..	0
Good thing	1
I love all my friends      and drew were fun toni	1
i am being ignored! not a good day	0
That is annoying. What gear is it? I`ll take it off your hands	0
stupid ladder y did you have to collapse and make me fall on my back/bum???	0
I miss you R.....	0
they were all ugly	0
.hope	1
thanks	1
"just saw ghosts of girlfriends past with my bf, that movie was so predictable but so funny! i loved it"	1
y rock	1
"thanks  and ill cross my fingers for you, that the rain will stop"	1
can`t sleep	0
good morning	1
problem	0
damage..	0
happy mother`s day	1
hilarious!	1
Ugh soooo much work to	0
fantastic	1
s good	1
fuuuuuuck  idk if andy can get youuuu	0
doesnt look good  we have to go burn some lampions	0
hurts.	0
bad	0
blogging..it`s my new passion	1
t LOL. You are ok!	1
i had a dream that u didn`t like me	0
make sure you practice your hooping today!	1
"Ugh, still sick. This Calgary cold has lasted forever."	0
m happy	1
.I`m very ashamed.	0
smells guuud.	1
o shabby	0
`s probably best	1
thanks	1
Awww	1
the be	1
"Lol, me too!!"	1
thanks	1
sincerely hopes that  gets better soon.	1
Good nite	1
I have uncontrolable	0
sorry	0
lot of fans	1
greaaaaat	1
always brightens	1
Happy imma get to see some lovely ladies	1
harrassed me and tried to break in my house!!	0
thnx	1
Not feelin right.	0
"I can`t seem to find it,"	0
Bad times for everyone  Whywhywhy do we have to write essays  No fair	0
e important	1
sick	0
"id love to meet you, you`re my favourite comedian"	1
happy mothers` day to all your moms!	1
#NAME?	1
im so jealous icant do	0
I just can`t stand	0
deserve	1
HAPPY	1
wow the weather is amazing today!	1
"! I like the beach,"	1
bahah that would be really funny she would be really cut haha	1
mad	0
i lurveeeeee you	1
rejected	0
so cut	1
awesome	1
I`ll miss my tweeps	0
proudly	1
! I can`t STAND that I cannot be there this summer!	0
today the sun is not here!	0
it`s a good mix	1
not as good	0
awesome	1
lol. thanks babe!	1
This weather is awful!	0
Good	1
and_jay hi!  **** your job!	0
yaaayyy ...	1
A isn`t cooperating	0
appreciate	1
****	0
Learned a lesson the hard way.	0
sorry	0
Tough week for both of us and neither is really up for it. Plus our neighbor died	0
i love youuuuu	1
"Cant believe Venus lost. A real shame. Smh. I think im getting sick  Had such a **** week, doesnt look like the wknd is gona be better!"	0
yum	1
seriously. increasingly good nights. stoked on life! couldn`t be happier  #goodnight	1
I really missed this	0
"Sorry about the weather, hopefully you`re not in the 2-3 hour wx delays here in BWI"	0
Supernatural was good as  Loved it.	1
"Sorry, that was a bit 0!"	0
haha  cute. ps thanks	1
unpleasant	0
tough	0
hurting	0
Sounds like yummy fun!	1
awesome	1
I love you anyway!!!	1
i don`t know what to do..	0
good	1
"See? Sucked you right in.  The only problem will be church/Sunday race conflicts, but that`s why God gave us"	0
thanks so much for the discount code.	1
enjoying	1
I feel actual heartbreak..	0
cool looking sexy	1
But Jeff will have a hard time from 42nd	0
great	1
..impressive	1
Absolutely I have been sick .. I want to go home	0
. you were correct	1
my laundry. lol.	1
not good	0
Sorry	0
SUCKs	0
"I know this is a good thing, but would be better if it happened when I was asleep"	1
I don`t wanna go	0
best	1
jealous!	0
Basically doubled my time.	0
"Congratuations, Sweetie."	1
"Hey, thanks for the follow, wow this is exciting a new tweet."	1
New picture isn`t working	0
hungry.	0
ish Go	1
! that looks incredible!!!	1
hate twitter	0
horrible.	0
congrats	1
help	1
Looking forward	1
Looking good daddio!	1
"I`m good thanks! Did you have a good drive? Careful with your blackberry,"	1
"I`m up. getting ready for skill. can`t wait to fail my bio final yay! ugh, honor classes suckkkk.  ):"	0
sorry	0
I miss	0
saddens	0
I wish I could spend my last weekend as a high school student in burbank with everyone and not fly off to dc	1
"thanks for adding me, glad to have you"	1
Ugghhh	0
nice weather..	1
"Hahahah,"	1
not so fun	0
Good luck whit the show	1
hate	0
jealous*	0
hard	0
feel bad ov	0
Good Morning	1
weak	0
Sorry	0
a goo	1
fun	1
Happy	1
its so pretty with the reflecting sunlight on	1
"wow, 5 pm rolled around really fast."	0
useless	0
Worst day ever.	0
Loved	1
Love	1
****	0
hopefully	1
baby I`m in maryland I`m NOT gonna make it  BUT I will see ur sexy **** next sat in camden VIP....come early n hang!!!!!	1
tight this year	0
i won`t make u cry	1
I SO don`t want to get sick	1
will maybe have my cell phone soon ! Yeah !	1
fave	1
****	0
I`m soo jealous right now!!	0
Here comes the utter shite	0
missing my bffls! missing my friday night dates!	0
a good	1
i`m hoping they turned up.	1
how cool will that be  she is so nice!!	1
g...I love the classics!	1
*Wabble Wabble*	0
wish me luck	1
likes	1
GREAT FUN	1
I wish	1
Sounds great.	1
I wish you luck though...	1
awwww bless her	1
YUM!	1
lovely tweeters	1
awesome	1
. Not cool.	0
Thank you!	1
tired!	0
poo	0
I`m not feeling very inspired today..	0
Happy Mothers Day to all the mommy`s out there!	1
"i get less ideas every day, and every day"	0
haha i love both of them	1
Happy	1
You are too kind!	1
good tip.	1
loved	1
working sucks bi	0
God Bless	1
Upset	0
wish	1
that`s sad  what kind of mess are you getting into this weekend?	0
complicated?	0
bored!	0
t sucks	0
Happy	1
thanks for your follow	1
fell on the sidewalk in harvard square.  stupid cobblestones!  now my hand hurts	0
aw honey.	1
awesome.	1
either my inerne is **** or my mind is but i`m pretty sure that it`s the internet	0
sad th	0
d missed everythin	0
is sad	0
awesome	1
banging	0
envy	0
cats are gone.	0
I`m gonna miss him!!	0
sick	0
spoiled	0
"Insomnia at its finest. Go to bed at 11:30, fully awake at 2. Grrr."	0
worst	0
sorry	0
chillin	1
"don`t think that went well,"	0
sidekick	0
glad	1
sorry	0
love	1
man that sucks.	0
thanks	1
I am soo happy!	1
Not a problem	1
uld motiva	1
perfection	1
I`m really nervous ab	0
i`m just chilling	1
THANKS!	1
need to focus on kid`s packing but cant	0
hoping	1
that sucks mama	0
incredible.	1
Happy Birthday to my ****	1
sadly.	0
hurts	0
t? I`d love	1
sad	0
bugs	0
...Thank you Mr. President!.	1
"Things good over here. Lovely weather,"	1
amazing!	1
happy	1
hate	0
Which is awesome.	1
best	1
haha	1
My stomach effing hurts. Sadly there`ll be no gym class this afternoon	0
sadly ..	0
happy	1
**** school!	0
dead	0
m crying	0
going bad	0
feeling like poo today	0
I wish I had company	0
My Power was cut off	0
boo	0
not happy!!! so	0
It was going to happen one day but I so feel for the girl AND her mum	0
Stupid idiot who ran a stop sing and almost killed me and my car!	0
y regretting	0
hope	1
Good	1
bored..	0
expected	1
miss	0
Hilarious	1
What a genius.	1
good to know	1
nursing my scratches and bumps from Festivus mud wrestling. I swear there`s still dirt in my hair but a good time was had by all	0
d tell you love you 2 oxoxoteambreezy	1
Soooo happy your back!	1
mayb this will help u fix it	1
missing	0
"Because pop culture is beautiful. Also, you can`t pull weeds wrong. I promise. You can practice on my yard if you are nervous"	1
a very Happy Mother`s Day!!	1
Cried	0
great party alenka!!  happy birthday chicky!	1
my head aches badly	0
lol.	1
fan too	1
connection errors a plenty.	0
"sorry guys,"	0
Just got my heart ripped out  i love you guys	1
"actually darn,"	0
Thanks for the song! Youï¿½re awesome.	1
excited	1
wtf happened?	0
good	1
! Please	1
worst	0
sorry	0
getting shows can be an interesting process.	1
I`m glad to see	1
Sad	0
? did ya have fun? love ya girly!	1
Thanks	1
i love cobra starship!!  thanks for the suggestion!	1
**** it	0
o bad	0
nervous	0
"I agree, keep it in Star Trek but make it commercially viable! C`mon!"	1
enjoy	1
great	1
no one told me the mutual admiration society was meeting	0
such a classic	1
my stomach actually hurts.	0
is feeling really sick	0
Hopefully	1
Would love to	1
no window seat	0
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you	1
I`m a lil sad	0
hasn`t recovered-n	0
want to charge way too much extra for it	0
bad	0
soooo jelous of you	0
Thank you	1
sad th	0
Just a Chillin.	1
stuck	0
I`ve run out of texts!	0
celebrating	1
beautiful weather.	1
stressful	0
#itsucks	0
", sounds even enough to me"	1
hard	0
that would be great!!!	1
Woohoo! Well Done!	1
Wishin I didn`t have to work	0
Chillaxing	1
missing	0
Sick..	0
better	1
calms me down.	1
t don`t understand	0
would be amazing	1
They cancel flights and don`t have a lot of backup planes. And no first class	0
happy	1
Finally	1
saddest	0
hard to say goodbye	0
Stupid COMM class	0
like	1
hoping i didn`t fail english. that would just be sad	1
miss	0
No luck for PC gamers	0
im so sick	0
"Talented,"	1
a second chance shudnt have. mowgli didnt. gutted	0
be usefu	1
Thanks to all who follow me  ... wish ya`ll the best ;)	1
Thank you	1
Beautiful	1
"yum, yum."	1
I`m sick	0
cut myself	0
freaking out	0
"spray tan = fail on legs and feet. I`ve been scrubbing them and feet look better, but they looked awful this morning  Everywhere else = ok"	0
i`m pretty scared.	0
stopped	0
you awesome lady you!	1
thankfully	1
Apparently not.	0
missed	0
fun	1
nice showers...	1
funny	1
she`s probably worried  srry hun	0
Thank u	1
. I want all the soldiers to come home so we don`t have to hear about anymore being killed.	1
good weekend	1
an interesting guy	1
my fav host ever!	1
that doesnt look very promising	0
Happy star wars day everyone	1
welcome.	1
so sad ab	0
Enjoy...wish I was there! Nice day in Springfield today	1
oh no!  i`m sorry	0
"good,"	1
couldn`t participate	0
it`s awesome.	1
but cant get home	0
love	1
Thanxs	1
Funny	1
Happy	1
kick me	0
sad	0
i haven`t really been happy	0
system is DEAD!!	0
fail	0
sad	0
miss	0
sunburnt	0
So jealous.	0
FRUSTRATING!!	0
bruised.	0
thanks	1
i got grounded	0
i see i gets the no love   whats up with that	0
miss	0
sad.	0
s truly enlightening	1
"thanks,"	1
h lovely	1
im sick.	0
? It is very sad	0
t sucks	0
bored	0
hope	1
shakalohana week two of flat wavez no surfin	0
My best Tip.	1
excited	1
bored	0
sadly	0
driving me nuts..	0
depressed	0
Twitter is slowing me down today.	0
interested	1
cool	1
rocks my socks	1
loved	1
sad	0
careless	0
aww	0
Happy Birthday Chip`s sister	1
whew finally got in to RC..	1
this is sounding like the worst lurgy ever - the one that just won`t go away ..  ...are you ready for end-of-rope action yet??	0
i feel fine!! An	1
headache	0
nice angle though...	1
Happy Star Wars	1
interesting	1
Great	1
"cool,"	1
i HATE it	0
do it and I`ll give you the first hug	1
bored	0
ugly	0
that`s really quite nice	1
"Hope you`re well, sister"	1
thanks! You`re the first one to wish me a happy mother`s day	1
liked	1
tired as hell!!!! be	0
love	1
Love your website!	1
excited	1
may the 4th be with you	1
which i offiacial suck at	0
Ugh!	0
t I`m happy  ... YAY	1
bad choice	0
awesome!	1
i m totally confused and bored..	0
problem.	0
It be pretty good	1
miss	0
interested	1
excited!	1
memorize	1
"s  i agree it`s very important,"	1
Fail.	0
Bored and lonely at work	0
afraid	0
s fun	1
miss	0
_Hall Is that why you aint answer my call? Thought we were homies!?	0
tired as ****.	0
Wonderful	1
Good to have both	1
nervous	0
hurt	0
"She`s an amazing mum,"	1
She did well and only checked her phone 80 times	0
dream	1
not doing relay  oh well.	0
Is it possible to a have phobia of phobias? Afraid to look at list.	0
dead bird	0
earned me	1
Goodnight	1
cool  that`s good.	1
Poor	0
OUTSTANDING!	1
t I can`t write fast enough	0
it`s so not TGIF for me!!	0
Happy Mothers Day to all the mom`s around  Hope you have a wonderful day!	1
sry	0
valiantly!	1
hope`s	1
Sadly not	0
loner	0
jealous	0
e never speaks to me	0
i`m so tired	0
Bliss	1
i have sore throat. that`s suck.	0
exciting	1
s miserable	0
back to my interesting emails...	1
First Day at the new job! Yeah!	1
miss you guys.	0
Happy Mothers Day to all your moms!	1
appreciated	1
Happy	1
look' way	1
"with my illness comes the joys of multiple mouth ulcers,"	0
love	1
interested	1
Cheers *lifts coffee cup* here here for Mondays	1
excited!	1
Happy Mother`s Day!	1
Great	1
good	1
Hope	1
missed th	0
easier	1
not a fan	0
doing well.	1
thank you	1
worse	0
oh wow THANKS Wayne	1
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY	1
"Iï¿½m so tired,had a bad day"	0
: to triste	0
ScREW	0
Visiting family in hospital = not fun	0
i have no motivation	0
Thanks.	1
good things	1
thanks	1
nauseas.	0
not so good mood..	0
lost	0
At work sick	0
I wanna go see the cab really bad.	0
a brave	1
"Unfortunately,"	0
", i have a really sore knee cant walk"	0
missed	0
"lucky you,"	1
bored.	0
This song is a slap on you face!!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jib6	0
it doesnt match up	0
that sucks!	0
good	1
i am proud of myself an	1
I love	1
missing my hobo/*	0
pain	0
ly sa	0
_lord Can`t we just all get along?	0
Happy Mother`s Day to all you tweeting mothers	1
far	0
excited	1
. I don`t like the indentation	0
I just love when all my little brothers friends come over	1
Nice Photoshop Effects	1
better	1
wish me luck!! no a great effort!!	1
Happy	1
i would die if they played Pushit.	0
sad	0
"goodnight loveee,"	1
it made me sad	0
Good	1
AHHHH! Cant find anything because I have way too much open	0
good	1
booo..	0
Enjoying	1
My computer is being killed by a combo of mirrors edge and really poor win7 thermal management...75c gpu = one sad game	0
Very succesful	1
goodmorning/	1
Slovakian country side is a refreshing change co	1
interesting	1
hate	0
we enjoye	1
It is driving me completely insane.	0
Nice!	1
! Can`t wait!	1
Lunching at favorite local	1
slammed	0
I`ve seriously had enough	0
oh cool	1
feelin ill.	0
Gonna miss my gurl	0
amazing.	1
****..	0
wants to greet all the moms a Happy Mother`s Day!!	1
e..especially for the love of conversation	1
heheï¿½I bet you have never looked back!  3 weeks is a long school trip!	1
swimming and tanning was heaven!	1
bored.	0
amazing	1
slower	0
Wow.  I hope he gets bette	1
"moms, bride & I rockin` the reception"	1
And the 10 free minute button didn`t work.	0
yumm!	1
.  he`s in bed sick. Heavy fever. Went to dr`s. Part of the reason i`m watching Aladdin 2 now and still haven`t been fed	0
HORRIBLE	0
about to do a nice monday roast	1
God Ble	1
im soooo loney	0
hoping	1
good	1
excited	1
just sick of stupid guys	0
d enjoy	1
is saddened by Husker Access...no internet!	0
****!	0
Kinda pissed really wanted to	0
jealous-	0
sickkkkk.	0
Happy	1
Was easier than expected - yay Google!	1
Thanks a lot! You`re very kind!  I just got back from a nice drive in the 500. Such a fun car to drive  Have a nice day	1
giant wet stinky **** on me	0
**** up your nose!	0
Wishes	1
is killing me	0
ily	1
best	1
way to many chocolate animal crackers	0
don`t know  and no not at all	0
"sooo sad,"	0
whooo hoooo	1
thanks	1
You too sweetie	1
sick	0
sick	0
i wanna join	1
heartbroken	0
If only I had a job...	0
Yay!	1
love	1
.HAPPY MOTHERS DAY	1
enjoy!	1
o sorry!	0
&its breakin my heart;	0
was hot!	1
e fun	1
doesn`t hurt anymore	1
"god bless, and have a great day!"	1
I think the x3 is confusing	0
"Thanks,"	1
I`m so unhappy being here. I hate it.	0
kaput.	0
seriously im sooooo tired dont know if i`ll survive the 8 hour shift	0
I wish I didn`t feel like ****.	0
sad	0
my stomach hurts	0
how come you cant stay	0
It would be nice	1
"But I luv r little chats J, dont leave me"	1
I hope	1
thanks  hopin	1
i love the music video of you belong with me by taylor	1
cold	0
ng dirt	0
seems appropriate	1
cool	1
. FX are nice. I like Windows 7 1000x better than Vista so far. To me Vista is Win ME reborn	1
Hopefully	1
good taste	1
so tired..	0
don`t worry	0
great!	1
e best screen name	1
sad?	0
excited	1
happy	1
help	1
dead	0
dont cry for me!	1
One of my favorite combonations	1
d meditate	1
nowhere near as effective as it was a	0
isn`t good	0
sadly	0
cant sleep  ....	0
I can`t direct message	0
Sorry about that.	0
bordom.	0
very bad	0
Have A great Mothers Day!	1
being blown off	0
i hate that limit.	0
Gutted!	0
great	1
salute al	1
thanks joeman!	1
Interesting choice.	1
haha.	1
weather sucks	0
**** sucked	0
thanks so much! we love fanmail  talk to us anytime	1
ilove	1
Awe	0
enjoy your day	1
Bored...	0
my hair hurts	0
goodluck	1
pisssing me offf. Ugh	0
seen loads of new photos and stuff of new moon and cant wait  lol (L) Taylor lautner lol   takes his shirt off 3 times yu	1
overheating	0
she`s so young and cute and really funny! i miss this britney	1
miss	0
Hope	1
d great	1
intelligence	1
t fortunately	1
Loved	1
. im learning my quotess	1
i love him	1
new beginning	1
Sounds like fun  LoL.	1
f pain	0
hate	0
Now I feel sick.	0
nice new profile picture! Glad to see some friends in there	1
Addicted	0
Sorry	0
u so i`m sorry if you hate it	0
. its no fun	0
I hate that meself	0
GOODNiGHT...HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MAMi`S ON TWiTTER	1
well.	1
Looking Forward	1
**** EM	0
"i miss you too; i need to talk to you, i keep screwing up ..  lovee u !"	1
cool!	1
looks like ****	0
enjoy	1
Not as easy as	0
imo	1
Im so excited. We cant go earlierrr than the afternoon?  I love you tooz	1
Good times.	1
Best two years ever	1
Good luck	1
"haha well, kinda! I`m Mommy to my lil` pom-chi  hehe  thank you!"	1
"Cool,"	1
failed	0
not enough to rest.	0
lol	1
goodnight birdies LOL	1
good.	1
happy	1
Awesome	1
miserable	0
little boy started crying  I wanted to cry too...I hate storms!	0
poor	0
That`s probably a pretty good note	1
cant find my hoodie	0
better	1
happy birthday	1
u didnt write me back	0
miss	0
nice	1
seriously getting hurt...	0
heated.	0
weak..	0
i misss youhhhhhhh	0
no one calls me anymore	0
suck..	0
Definitely not having any fun this weekend	0
"Damnit,"	0
Wow n	1
tough life	0
still in love with loser who left me	0
d haha cool	1
handsome	1
"had a great shot yesterday, editing pics now"	1
but worth following re	1
Love	1
its sucks that all diners aren`t 24hrs here anymore	0
beautiful lady	1
"Gosh, no need to be so rude."	0
Hahaha	1
pooooor	0
Poor	0
white shoes make me cringe	0
"I meant you are not lazy, your work proves it"	1
i will have my life back.	1
bestie	1
sad	0
l ... they are interesting ..  doesnt tweet much tho	1
Desperation!!!	0
Goodnight	1
loving	1
That sucks	0
thank you!	1
great	1
coooolest	1
miss	0
fun	1
"awesome,"	1
hated	0
Yukky  Rainy Friday	0
Prayin	1
s interessanter	1
hope	1
thanks	1
"t, I am stuck in"	0
a good shadow + realistic tonsils.	1
hate the wait	0
wish me luck	1
loved it!	1
first impression is that it`s considerably  slower	0
miss	0
HAPPY	1
Love	1
sucks	0
hope	1
feel	0
hotness personified	1
o cutee	1
pretty	1
Urgh	0
Good morning Tweepsland! Makin` it a great Monday!	1
sad.	0
better.	1
awesome	1
lol	1
beckett Thanks	1
good	1
w it was that serious.  Well that sucks.	0
Relaxing	1
K ??? What??? No way!!!! No	0
sitting around doing **** all....tired	0
te a fake competetion	0
Man with a kickin` to	1
awesome	1
but got the job done	1
loving my new tv	1
sad..	0
I can just feel my MPG going in the toilet.	0
i`m not being mean	1
Has no idea wtf	0
"wow, honestly not surprising, every time they try to push that guy he gets injured"	0
sad	0
my teeth and head hurts	0
sweet	1
..hope u feel better!	1
not many sources here in	0
Good	1
how I wish my parents put me into a Chinese school when I was younger.	0
nice	1
Thank god	1
Get well soon.	1
that that`s a great present for ALL mommie	1
LoL! there u go..that`s the spirit haha	1
bettering	1
beautiful	1
"pleasure,"	1
- LAUREN is AMAZING....well from what I see on the hills lol  Seem like a great friend to have!!	1
i miss ya!	0
That`s a great idea	1
happy	1
(lol)	1
i loveeee him	1
Lovely	1
This day will pass slowly.  All of these days will.  RAWR!!!!  ...	0
idiots	0
Happy	1
thanks	1
Favorite	1
It`s a really warm day in Seattle!	1
just a little too far	0
e amazing	1
Good	1
You`re an amazning actress	1
I`d love	1
Let-Down	0
cant **** wait mate!!! it is goin to fantastic.	1
Goooooodmorning	1
great photoshoot	1
Love	1
Thank yo	1
I Loveeeee Youu!	1
"Unfortunately,"	0
expensive.	0
oh em i`m sorry  i wuv you to pieces	0
`s just too fancy	1
thank	1
won`t be ready til 5.	0
I`d just plain go crazy	0
awesome	1
impressed!!	1
painful	0
can`t wear	0
Where DO you get all those wonderful toys?	1
what a waste of lives	0
im not happy	0
glad	1
w. *hugs*	1
greeeeeeeeeeeat	1
"Good luck in your first day, Ju!"	1
sick	0
wishes the rain would stop so my stupid headache would go away!	0
Happy	1
Been working lots of overtime this week. Only just realized I booked a half day tomorrow so this week will just break even	0
Looks like Anna and Josie are getting a new cousin today!!  (And this one is a girl!)	1
is tired an	0
annoying	0
Happy Mother`s Daaay!!	1
Love	1
missing	0
sorry	0
depressed	0
stupid wireless wont work	0
(Good	1
cool	1
hate	0
scary	0
it was good.	1
hoping	1
"happy,"	1
it hurts that pets cant talk back to us. What if they are in pain. Ho	0
"so after church, i went to the mall with my parents, i got a new backpack that can fit all my schoolbooks AND my laptop"	1
down	0
so cold	0
loved	1
nice	1
! it was amazing.	1
Loved	1
don`t understand	0
I`m SUPER tired	0
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!	1
lovey	1
No problem!	1
it`s Blockbuster week in New Zealand -	1
NICE	1
I do believe my camera phone is stuffed. Stupid blurryness	0
blogtv was fun! can`t wait til next time	1
A lot of work and not enough help	0
smells delicious	1
"Well there`s you, another Twiiter person...erm...difficult to say really...   Let`s just say that you could fit all into a minibus"	0
tired.	0
epic fail with the chocolate fountain that got CLOGGED	0
I just wanna be better already	1
fun	1
Life is sweet..	1
enjoy	1
i`m very sorry	0
glad	1
Has a headache	0
on my way to school of my last friday of high school ever!  and i don`t even get to see holly Gabbie and hannah	0
i cant get through	0
I wish I could sleep but I got to attend to an important meeting	0
Won	1
fav movies	1
dead?	0
safe	1
Had a great weekend	1
what the hell	0
nice.	1
Yay I`m getting the IPhone in August!!	1
"awe I am sorry, probably true."	1
: Happy	1
good	1
alone	0
I thought it was boring.	0
badly.	0
"Yeah, they`re great."	1
Thanks	1
chaos	0
I`m so mad	0
Misses the good old days!	0
Unfortunately	0
"slept really well,"	1
wish	1
Haha ! Go Martin ! His fixed our Ski like a million times ...	1
not fair!	0
. Careless	0
nice one	1
hate it	0
thanks	1
hey you ****!! that`s kinda mean dont yu think?!	0
blind faith.	0
How inconsiderate!	0
I can`t take it	0
can`t believe it	0
has got a degree in BS.	1
thanks!!!	1
concur	1
not feeling well.	0
confused	0
sad sad	0
a wonderful time!	1
I care	1
Nothing like home-made paranthas for breakfast	1
I meant awesome Christian artists.	1
Please don`t vote for her out of sympathy!	0
love that birdy nest!	1
missing  lol. plaid bud. haha. **** i can`t do the BG right.	0
happy Mothers day	1
NOT helpful.	0
g`night	1
no one to do it	0
Sorry to anyone	0
my fav movie..	1
Hope	1
he was really nice	1
Boooooooo	0
very exited!	1
fucken tired as ****	0
Thank a Chu?	1
fun.	1
"sometimes i wish i were a man, i could pee were i stand, and scratch my chest, but instead? here lies a breast  hah"	0
Thats actually not that fun as you would think.	0
Good Morning	1
Feel like death  evil headache	0
ache!!	0
wish	1
I feel lost...  I keep running (in my head) from staring faces.. haha. basically:Headache & eyes hurt	0
much appreciated	1
I love that Joan Rivers says it`s Family First.	1
Love you mom	1
hope	1
hope	1
bad.	0
****	0
I have trouble updating!!!	0
Why did sound input for my computer stop working?  It`s not the mic or jack (USB webcam mic doesn`t work either) Checked input controls.	0
heheh ....qualifying was pretty exciting tho	1
I`m so sorry	0
..overdue	0
I don`t see how there could possibly be another choice.	0
My face an my arms. Tragic. Seriously.	0
"sob, cry"	0
My goodness! I go single and **** goes crazy! Haha. **** this. I like being single too much. I do what I want...holla!	1
i have poop on my shirt and a insanely cracked screen on my iphone. daaaang.	0
Awesome.	1
fine	1
yes! it definitely paid off ... thanks 4 the advice	1
i miss	0
I mis	0
ss for another good movie  Also thanks to my movie buddies	1
"cracking night last night,"	1
had the best weekend EVER	1
Glad to be home	1
this is a horrible day.	0
Awesome!	1
Fabulous	1
greatly appreciate	1
Too bad	0
nice to know	1
love	1
sorry	0
sucks..	0
thanks!	1
Happy	1
respect	1
Laying in the bed boreddddd	0
**** boring.	0
big sad old loser	0
Good Luck!!!	1
d love	1
Marvelous	1
Both she and it are crushed!	0
i`m so exicted	1
I hope	1
i love	1
Cant wait to do some of those things	1
"gutted,"	0
sick	0
don`t like	0
good	1
I totally forgot	0
good morning!	1
Ugh I can`t breathe	0
YAY!!	1
happy!	1
what`s worse...	0
I feel really bad	0
****	0
Frustrated	0
much prefer	1
I`m stuck with BOO!!!! Jeeeez shoot me now	0
Works like a charm	1
endometriosis.	0
'I`m giving up on you. I don`t care how you mess up your life now.'	0
Needs a yummy breakfast	1
Happy Mothers day to all the grown n happy & the lil prego smuts lol Just Playing everyone is loved.. happy Mothers Day & God Bless	1
LOVE IT! U have a great job!!	1
Ooops! Sorry	0
"I hate screaming children!! I guess I hate screaming children besides my own, now."	0
"i`m devastated,"	0
wiff	0
"Not feeling too good at ALL,"	0
Hahaha!	1
Ugh!	0
so boring here.	0
they are very cute	1
amazing	1
Happy Mothers Day.	1
I have a right to be sad	0
boring	0
Thanks.	1
love	1
apparently!  Haven`t tried the site tho. Maybe will get better results.	1
noooo!	0
c made me smile today	1
"I would Never break the law!! No, never."	1
"But you`ll get it right,"	1
what a wonderful day..	1
hopefully	1
"it gets hurt everyone is in pain,"	0
best	1
happy	1
I am not doing much  all well!	0
boring	0
broken!!	0
pleasantly	1
My teratoma has a cavity and is experiencing male-pattern baldness	0
LUCY IS HATING ON MY GWEG!	0
BAD	0
just found out that my husband`s grandma fell down the stairs & is at the hospital with several broken bones...praying hard!	0
weird?	0
****	0
This is not my day	0
FUN!	1
NO fun	0
Boring?	0
a I like that.	1
. Too bad!	0
r inability	0
"Yep, exactly   And I`m really sad about this tour...I know I`m gonna cry at my last M&G..."	0
forget something this morning?	0
Hey #rda2009cla presentation was too large to post!  sorry	0
it is an awesome time	1
"disapointed,g"	0
hahahahahahahaa	1
all warm.	1
as hopin	1
"this is funny,"	1
soooooo good..	1
4  i feel like a complete too	1
e fantastic	1
best!	1
(he`s probably not though ;)	0
happiest	1
DISAPPOINTED!	0
watching because i said so! happy mothers day!	1
tired	0
horrible	0
goo	1
fail.	0
'    You poor bugg	0
so fun!	1
sad	0
fun!	1
G`night Twitterverse! Thanks for keeping me entertained!!	1
miss	0
care	1
I wish	1
Yummy.	1
no where to go...	0
i really should be studying. I`ll start soon :[	0
bored	0
?  I miss yo	0
It`s raining that fine rain!!!	1
Why the hell did I leave Kilkenny!?	0
! dummyhead.	0
awesome	1
Think this`ll be a good place for my rants	1
proud	1
"brazil LOOOOOOOOVES you,"	1
_it_good	1
"Chillin with the rents, and looking at hilarious old photos. Well funny!"	1
annoyed cos this weekend`s going to be hot. I`m bloody working	0
WE LOVE YOU TOO!!	1
Glad	1
t the sad thing is	0
OUCH! my earphones just shocked me	0
.I`m very out of shape	0
se none of my friends liking	0
e discriminating	0
love	1
sad	0
i miss you too	0
Nice find	1
an incredibly great day.  hahaha!	1
awww thank you	1
roughnight	0
excited	1
i love it wh	1
i will.	1
i loved it!! you`re amazing	1
excellent idea!	1
Happy	1
appreciate their wives	1
Hope so	1
i tried calling work 5 times and they wont answer	0
"I`m tired, exhausted and dissapointed"	0
best Ja	1
Wants somebody to cheer her up	1
wonderful	1
"kick her ****,"	0
Aww thanks!	1
nice!	1
Brain just went blank	0
getting **** up	0
Not good!	0
it depress	1
this time i lost my wallet	0
thanks	1
just making sure!	1
down	0
cooler	1
happy	1
hate	0
great!	1
****	0
"pretty bored, but I refuse to study."	0
cute th	1
sad	0
"Unfortunately,"	0
lovely	1
forgot	0
.i think i picked a bad wknd	0
amazing right now.	1
stuck	0
m always offtopic and sometimes inappropriate	0
yum!	1
I cried like a baby when we had to put our cat down 2 years ago...  For tears of happiness watch th	1
hates	0
excited	1
sunburn	0
"I be ok, you?"	1
you guys look so nice	1
Goodnight	1
"thanks! Ugh...what a bad, bad day I`ve had."	0
loveeeee her	1
better	1
welcome home babe!	1
exhausted	0
cancelled	0
will love!	1
it`s not going well	0
much love to ya!	1
"Wkds are the worst, feel like a hostage."	0
healthy	1
I miss	0
she`s my hero and rocks my socks	1
i feel somewhat accomplished	1
that never made it to the UK	0
"wow!  Nice roar, I see good things in your future"	1
I don`t feel so good.	0
I really love this picture!	1
Last night was awesome!	1
ACHE!!	0
good.	1
! I guess it`s worth the wait!	1
Great!	1
funny	1
LOL.	1
omfg  whyyyyyy not that sucks!!	0
aww  i hope u find it soon i miss it.	1
b I missed it.	0
interesting	1
miss	0
my boss won`t let me leave either	0
darn	0
i guess im stuck with this uglyonee	0
", dammit"	0
Sorrry	0
good	1
o stop making fun of me!	0
It would be amazing	1
Good morning Tweeple of the sun! What you all up to?	1
"great,"	1
tired	0
*pokes and runs away*	0
Looks like the #GM Bankruptcy is going to happen. This loss will help offset the gains that I had earlier in the year tax wise. Oh well	0
e best picturisation ever	1
simply awesome Ra	1
iTunes music library is even bipolar!	0
"dude, I can safely say I was blown away when I heard Attics."	1
annoyed	0
y didn`t want to	0
!Thank you so much for being so kind?	1
you both have so beatiful eyes	1
fun..	1
"i think it`s fun,"	1
happy star wars day.	1
****	0
YAY!I	1
love	1
<--has no internet for the weekend	0
love	1
good	1
thanks.	1
****	0
Duhhhhhh.	0
R.I.P.?	0
3am i still cant sleep	0
crappy	0
I`m all done with my work	1
lol	1
been sick	0
good!	1
i miss you	0
i kno she`s disappointed in me.	0
d happy mother`s day!	1
spat	0
wonderful	1
completely dumb	0
d I`ll never get what i want	0
. Happy	1
Britains got Talent just gets better every week	1
.awesome	1
"I`m sure all will fine and dandy, thanks"	1
It`s beautiful outside.	1
Aww	0
thankyooooou	1
not impressed	0
"I miss my doggy,my hammy,my turtle && my fishes"	0
this is so exciting!	1
an amazing song	1
"Good god, no."	0
Have a great summe	1
miss	0
"just not happening,"	0
"got in a fist fight with a old biker guy.......and how dare you even ask, yes i kicked his ****"	0
good	1
HE`S COMPLETELY AMAZING	1
currently unemployed	0
awww i missed	0
glad to hear	1
****	0
hope	1
hope	1
hurts	0
Hahaha!	1
best	1
Excited!!!	1
so much to do!	0
gutted	0
the perfect after food...	1
i was singing she`s not impressed	0
he`s pissing me off.'	0
Gud nite all..	1
i like	1
HAPPY	1
Happy	1
Happy	1
is wishing good night everybody	1
y babies r the best!	1
de wereld need more ppl like you!	1
Another loser: ****.	0
h: you lack time	0
- NOT A HEAP HEY. JUST BOUT TU HIT THE SACK. ITS 1.15AM HERE. I NEED SOMEONE TU CUDDLE. SUCKS  WBU.?	0
"**** straight you know what the game is, and if you`ve heard the tracks you`ll know why I`ve been rocking out"	1
im hyper & im bored	0
whoops..	0
graandma`s houseee  i havee too leave now! <3	0
interesting	1
star trek pretty much rocked my life	1
e makes for great entertainment on TV  It is great to try and figure out the kill	1
fun.	1
"Yes, it is nice."	1
STARVING.	0
im goo	1
i love kenan	1
i can`t do	0
wants see my friends  ;-) http://plurk.com/p/wxnwa	1
excited	1
Ben I Love yahh babe <333! i miss you hope to see u tomorrow  Mommy i love  you tomorrow happy mothers day! happy mother day to all moms!	1
splendid ev	1
what a great Sunday	1
sorry	0
Awesome	1
Happy?	1
wrong	0
Fun times	1
ao`s leave me	0
won	1
sorry bout 2day	0
g   Thank	1
Enjoyed	1
"Wathing Dollhouse on Hulu, eating the special from El Taquito and a beer. B-day week is going well"	1
"Omg. I am so sorry. Sorry,"	0
thanks!! Yes!! A lot!	1
HAPPY	1
good to be back & go to the junction with the coolest people at ollies	1
bad	0
fail	0
camera died right at that moment.	0
funny	1
fun	1
I kind of miss my old phone already.	0
"Recovering from my crazy family. I love them, but they ain`t got it all   I only see em a couple of times a year, so I guess I can deal."	1
"funny,"	1
suck	0
glad	1
"work at one sucks, I miss happy hour"	0
Test discovery just missed being in Py3.1	0
died	0
i dont want it to be over	0
"congratulations,"	1
Nice	1
thanks	1
sorry	0
d happy	1
Loving	1
i really want to see you guys	1
****. ohhhh.	0
honour	1
it wasn`t that good tonight	0
my internet just crashed  i will ttytomorrow.	0
hope	1
Thanks	1
Morning workout sesh.  Love Life.	1
ultra sweet	1
sorry	0
yum.	1
good	1
awesome!	1
hope your day was good!	1
would love to help.	1
", like your new pix!"	1
musical theatre actor'  i wish :`	1
were great	1
dinner smells good..	1
Happy	1
you are beautiful!	1
Congratulations	1
good.	1
sad	0
miss high school lunches. A lot. ****.	0
"don`t hurt me,"	0
really guilty	0
g happier that`ll make you feel better	1
bumped my domain zemote.com out of the #1 spot	0
Is sad wh	0
deserve an award.	1
"the ending is te funniest, you`ll see. ;)  you know paranoif is always stuck in my head?? Love it."	1
n thanks	1
"horrors,"	0
little sad to	0
missing him like crazy.I	0
"awesome to meet you all lol,"	1
looking forward	1
missing the gf soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much.	0
"wow, thats so cool!"	1
`s an important date!	1
**** i always miss it	0
Happy	1
Justin`s blanket shed black lint all over my white skirt.	0
God Bless you brother!	1
popular	1
thankful	1
sorry	0
absolutley gutted	0
sunburn	0
complicated sh-t	0
Have a great dayyyy	1
!  You`re good people	1
best	1
loving	1
great	1
i feel sick after that oreo and cheesecake milkskake  lol	0
h shocked the hell outta me	0
dizzy	0
not good.	0
Music soothes the soul...	1
Dont like this part of the job	0
Enjoyed	1
what?! i just missed home + away! nooooooooo	0
douchebag	0
Life is not fair!	0
e but i love her to death	1
I missed a lot of classes	0
Crazy debt issue.	0
Longggg day	0
It was heaps nice there.	1
i liked	1
so busy	0
s great!	1
Happy Star Wars Day !!	1
.just don`t start cats on fire..	0
Feels good.	1
"Not making good time,"	0
Sadness	0
had a great day	1
good morning.	1
weak!!	0
got mad cramps in my legs	0
I LOVED IT!	1
im sick	0
caught up	0
KILLED	0
best	1
h i lovee itt	1
awww! thats sweet	1
bored	0
amazing	1
amazing	1
I can barely focus	0
"pissed,"	0
Ughhhh.	0
hey Samantha welcome  and happy mother`s day!!	1
unhappy	0
y hated	0
"Yeah, if I lived on the rez, I`d already be dead."	0
forgot	0
soooory	0
Thanks	1
I hope that she has a wonderful day.	1
illogical	0
happpy	1
**** it`s good	1
Thanks	1
"K now that, that fiasco is all wrapped and good too go  back to studying for midterms =("	1
congrats	1
hope	1
far too warm	0
I luv urs! admitting niley with a kiss (: but then they change their minds  haha & demi/sterling (: not jemi but still cute	1
I am so nice	1
e discretion	0
t amazes	1
is having to miss the homesssssskooooler	0
Going to my favorite Greek Resturant after church for mom`s Day!!!!  Loved you on	1
nice	1
Thank	1
missed	0
exciting Sunday	1
Bored.	0
glad	1
gorgeous	1
t im still missing you.	0
worth	1
I like them.	1
I`m not a big fan of Costa	0
hates the sound of silence..doesnt like being shut out..	0
adore Mark	1
Sounds like you`re in for a great day!  Enjoy	1
"It was a lot of stress, though, so with that and supporting two big families he never quit smoking and died of lung cancer at 51."	0
good	1
unlucky	0
Nice sunny day	1
love	1
a great	1
it`s not going so well!	0
good night	1
Meeeee! It sounds delicious	1
upset	0
bad	0
sadly	0
goodnight!	1
just ain`t right!!	0
that was an interesting show	1
Wohoo!	1
'i hear its wonderful in california.'	1
so i`m screwed	0
good!	1
miss	0
baby alex i miss you  ily<3 good night</3	1
"Wow,"	1
t thatwouldmake1of myFRIENDS happy	1
slave.	0
a miss my lil bro`s	0
special	1
"cALL mE wiErD, bUt I jUs LuV rAiNy DaYs! MaKeS mE feeL sO waRm & cOzY iNsIdE  LoL"	1
trying to fix some weird query	0
i love	1
I am thankful!!	1
"bored, nothing to do"	0
Sounds nice!	1
hope	1
d suppose to be nice	1
would make a wonderful Mother`s Day present!	1
thanks	1
happy mother`s day!!!	1
bad	0
nice productive day	1
Eating a bagel  yummy	1
I hope	1
Lmao Yes its on the 27th  I get so excited	1
great	1
cruel	0
Doing really well!	1
hope	1
special	1
"OK nice one, cheers boss.  Am liking the lack of FCS today."	1
that`s awesome.	1
Imma miss you!	0
oops	0
Finally lost FM97	0
happy	1
best	1
besties	1
so much fun!!	1
Thanks	1
my sis doesn`t want to  well	0
am hungry agaaaaaaiiiin maaaam	0
"had a nice nap, finished some work, wrote bills, I have a surprise for you"	1
lower than zero..	0
you may have to email the tech support ppl. that`s odd.	0
good	1
it wont work in the uk	0
So good! Glad you finally got to see them	1
missed!	0
OMG SO srry to hear that	0
"thanks,"	1
Isn`**** exciting	1
awesome.	1
hurts!	0
I would be very grateful	1
relaXin on my day off.	1
thanks	1
happy	1
"Good morning, everyone!"	1
ratty	0
"one of my favorite,"	1
"Sorry william, gonna have to wait till next weekend ti"	0
charged	0
i don`t know what lender it was? yea these people definitely sucked butt toes. NOT friendly or helpful.	0
Rejected	0
ch ****	0
s sad	0
"exciting,"	1
"Its friday and i`m sick,"	0
just came back from a nice bike ride with her family and is now refreshed thanks to a shower	1
fun.	1
headache	0
Yes! You do!	1
favorite	1
i miss our walks home together	0
Woo!	1
so hard..	0
sFunF	1
They are always excited to go anywhere.	1
i really REALLY want my long pink hair back.	1
Very kew	1
blahh i`m tired an	0
'Happy Mothers Day!'	1
You`re not here. I hope you`re still resting.  I don`t want you to be stressed.	1
I love	1
it wont work for me	0
good night..	1
too late	0
its just he songs are so catchy	1
"awesome,"	1
Sucks	0
t! lam	0
sucks.	0
I missed	0
!  So proud of him!	1
Love you Mom	1
Thanks!	1
beautiful music.	1
aww sorry to hear you are having a bad time. Remember: this too shall pass	0
"has just finished reading Twilight and thought it was ****...okay, it was alright...okay, i love it and really wanna read the next one"	1
o enjoy	1
970 miles makes that kind of difficult.	0
I feel inspired	1
happy mothers day! im gunna crawl up in a ball and act like i dont exist  lmfaoo	1
Hopefully!	1
weLcomE	1
Happy	1
economy is depressing...	0
al ****-E-	0
smart!	1
", I had a suspicion about that!!"	0
Thanks!	1
Will miss my baby for 2 days	0
haven`t programmed	0
bad	0
g`morning	1
"very sweet, very rich."	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
they`re soooo good.	1
not comfortable	0
impressive.	1
you did look pretty **** good	1
good to see you on twitter!!	1
WTF?!	0
never be okay	0
missed	0
i heart your face	1
smile	1
Long night ahead.	0
perfect	1
I wish	1
worrying th	0
"grr!  i hate being **** near forced to go places.  especially to sit on a bus for an entire day just to sit in a house in podunktown, va"	0
awesome!!	1
struggling	0
best	1
o looking forward	1
Omg. i love my parents i juss got a lavender camera as an early birthday present!!!	1
"it`s the small things in life that count,"	1
_skies miss you too :`( it is!i never want to come home.....seriously	0
?  No luck	0
happy	1
sad	0
love	1
I didn`t go to the gym today and I feel bad	0
good	1
"Rope witdrawal in full effect, no one to tie, no teaching, no demos, no one to play with. But worst of all - No one to play with!"	0
.i almost burnt my house	0
happy mothers day mom!	1
hope ur having a lovely weekend!	1
islip her plane	0
Same to your mom too pril	1
I love them	1
unable	0
its all about love and happiness  goodnight	1
"How Exciting, for you both"	1
ignore	0
SO beautiful	1
live long and prosper !	1
"um that`s really scary,"	0
Feels nice	1
thanks	1
Sweet!	1
e fail. *suicide*	0
boredom	0
"Thanks, I`m glad you liked it."	1
Hopefully	1
sorry	0
traumatized	0
Excellent	1
Happy Birthday	1
hurts!!	0
. i kinda lost respect	0
". He never got in trouble, I did"	0
"bad,"	0
Airsoft is horrible!!	0
Sad	0
w sad	0
too much	0
sad..	0
u all don`t seem to excited	0
n.  Terrib	0
beautiful	1
weather looks great	1
miss	0
"U were right, they did blow my mind  I love u SGB, even more all the time, Mom"	1
gutted -	0
I miss it already	0
loves	1
sucks	0
love	1
m tierd	0
fail	0
y my room  its a **** hol	0
t sick.	0
"Yeah, plus I always totally overspend"	0
so sad	0
GOOD	1
nooooooo  sue is retiring  no no no no!	0
yaaaaay.	1
A kidney stone.	0
o I LOVE	1
hope i don`t cry	1
"Amazing! The concert, the city, everything. It was really an awesome trip"	1
new supernatural tonight!	1
good	1
He seemed all happy about it	1
*smile	1
last forever.	1
It`s your inherent humility	1
died	0
productive	1
Sick!	0
. It`s going to get worse now that the girls r home for summer.  It stinks.	0
lol my other tank/dps friend is having the same problem in a different guild.  wtf is wrong with this server?	0
All is well..That ends well!	1
Battles	1
I like you	1
lol....	1
No.  I was thinking just before how much I miss my T-Dub.	0
Happy Mother`s Day..	1
: eww. dislike	0
ing	1
tired.	0
Thanks everyone for all the Congrats!	1
Good	1
THE best	1
good to have a (boy)friend like you	1
luckily I have nice friends across the street	1
failed	0
hope that goes well	1
my knee hurts!	0
stuvk with the wee stpid thing fo	0
no sorry	0
lost	0
what the hell	0
gooooonight	1
o stop	0
Just worried about being overwhelmed	0
Thanks! I will tell her my friends on Twitter	1
Hate being sick	0
beautiful	1
headache	0
"Fatigue settling in, but gotta power through! Awesome seats again tonight. I`m pretty lucky. Life ain`t too bad..."	1
wrong.	0
you`re welcome Chica	1
"fine,"	1
I hate that	0
holy cute!	1
Counting down..	0
Not a so Healthy	0
hayfever has struck..	0
I never was good	0
womp womp woooomp!	1
hard	0
u fallin off sad face	0
slow.	0
sick	0
' wow	1
maybe I missed my chance this time	0
one of the best!	1
sorry	0
exciting	1
song is great!	1
awesome!wa	1
love	1
That`s the problem.	0
really hate us	0
better late than never	1
a joyfull	1
miss	0
cool	1
"Ahhh,"	0
"Old computer here, too slow"	0
distracted	0
#NAME?	1
U cud BELIEVE that!?	0
figuring out wats wrong with her she can drink but cant eat  ...	0
FAIL.	0
Sadly cannot listen...  *sob*	0
not much fun	0
e best	1
Yay! Un	1
sick	0
Sad.	0
missed	0
Happy Star Wars day! May the 4th be with you!	1
it`s good to see	1
okay thank you! i	1
sorry	0
i missed the game	0
miss	0
oh dear.  that is terrible	0
I`m just over the moon	1
goddam?!	0
hopes	1
.  Sorrie	0
yaay	1
best in the land!	1
My knee is killing me	0
I REALLY miss	0
"Cheers, long live.."	1
"awww  no problem , sorry for tha loss"	1
look what a poet I am.	1
I hate moving; and hate packing even more	0
really enjoyed the podcast with  This was my 1st time listenening to the show. Will def listen from now on	1
doesn`t sound so great at	0
i dont think i`ve cried so hard for a show..	1
such a boring TV	0
credit	1
s august 2nd will be a blast	1
sad	0
great	1
sucks	0
so cuuuute little fella	1
welcome	1
rocked	1
I feel extremely flushed	0
enjoy	1
blessed	1
doesnt look good	0
good wakeup music	1
good	1
I`m sooo HAPPY De	1
thanks	1
The trackpad and the battery life suck balls for quarters. Seriously missing my MacBook Pro	0
", im going to bleed to death"	0
Have a good day	1
Ugh..	0
It doesn`t look hopeful.	0
all the best for art attack. thanks 4d follow	1
- it`s all good fun	1
s not too bad	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
fantastic	1
enjoying	1
e  HATERS	0
", you`re a bad sister."	0
sorry to hear that	0
argue	0
Just uploading photos from the cell...nothin like true candid-ness!	0
hurts.	0
lost	0
weird	0
"No Happy Mums day for the Mums,"	0
i`m definently jealous.	0
lost	0
office hours/trying to make my computer feel better.	1
well dnt really knw wot to do	0
3d effect was best	1
Reminders are good!	1
Gosh! I missed the yesterday live chat..	0
Loves	1
OMGSH	1
Thank	1
my friends  Mindless fun.	1
good	1
sumptuous	1
Wonderful	1
right!	1
nice chat	1
never invite	0
sober weekend ahead...	0
tired	0
good	1
bahhhh.. cold weather is making my teeth hurt.	0
utterly digusted wi	0
Ugh..  this sucks.	0
Loves him but most importantly loves my mom! Happy Mothers Day!	1
is buttfuck stupid	0
"empitome of epic fail,"	0
sorry	0
I WAS STRESSED OUT	0
why we canï	0
beating	0
oh my... now im offended.	0
i wish it wasnt over	1
Yum. Thanks.	1
good book.	1
I wish	1
im still devastated	0
welcomed	1
haha	1
that`s meAn	0
Thank you for YOUR 1 energy	1
stupid	0
Good Morning All!   Hope everyone is doing well on this Monday!   Thanks for all the #followfriday recos!   I am bles	1
favorite	1
Show us some love!	1
please	1
that`s the coolest part	1
HAPPY	1
the most wonderful man	1
My besties.	1
o sad	0
I cried like a **** baby...I`m missing my beast like crazy!	0
boring	0
doesn`t like	0
bored at	0
Happy Mother`s Dayyyy. Love you mummyyyyyyyy	1
hope	1
breaks	0
hate	0
Bloody boiling in here...	0
Crappy day	0
i miss youuu	0
Loved that lady.	1
fantastic!	1
loves	1
good luck	1
Yesssssir	1
happy	1
good.	1
Hell unlucky!	0
can`t find it in my emails either!	0
good	1
thanking and praising God some more!	1
Good luck tonight! have fun	1
it`s not working	0
nice	1
wish i	0
WTF?	0
"spammers seem to move fast though,"	0
miss	0
hurts.	0
a sad	0
oh man! They better do something to fix that!! ugh stupid Verizon	0
disappointed	0
Dead gerbil	0
Happy STAR WARS Day - May the fourth be with you!	1
love	1
t hilarious	1
good	1
feel really sick	0
is listening to music. really happy about !librefm #audacious combination	1
hates	0
I feel very 'office space' right now.	1
should be hilarious	1
Chillin	1
Enjoy	1
missed	0
"Ughhhhhhhhh,"	0
hard	0
crappy ms	0
Good	1
I get to go to coffee now  It`s no fun. I hate it too!	0
faster than expected.	1
No worries	1
"Oh yeah,"	1
excited	1
you`re so cute.	1
thx 4 following  r y a band? What kind of genre that y play? Nice to meet all of	1
too bad	0
Good	1
ThankUJesus!  BeYEBlessed!	1
t cnt b boverd.	0
I didn`t think i looked that much like a ****	0
gorgeous	1
sorry.	0
funny!	1
y depressing.	0
hope	1
lucky	1
mashed up	0
fun day	1
feel alllll right!	1
good	1
fake asses!	0
awesome new phone from sony ericsson  - I am now Berry`d like	1
HAD SO MUCH FUN TODAY !	1
beautiful	1
sick	0
"helpful,"	1
happy	1
you are the sweetest.  love you cuz!	1
broken my leg	0
familiar	1
Thanks	1
no invert call tree button to be found	0
weee! internet is back here at home!	1
messed	0
I really did over react and do the worst	0
my heart goes out to you	0
good	1
stupid	0
my finger hurts  lmao	0
bad	0
UGH! I have GOT TO STOP biting my nails  grrrrr	0
****	0
wow	1
doesn`t sound very good	0
t sucks	0
Yay!	1
Macarena never looked so good. Loved	1
cute	1
Morning my Awesome brudder!	1
Thank	1
Good luck wi	1
i so feel neglected	0
Can`t sleep!!	0
bad	0
I`m wishing	1
have funnn!	1
miss	0
Luckily	1
has been fun..	1
Worried	0
Happy Mother`s Day mommy and grandma haha  ily	1
HELP	0
thankyou	1
snapped his poor neck. gotta bury him	0
since all the fun happens when I`m asleep!	1
thanks	1
You are an absolute legend! Love love love it	1
loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee	1
i cant deal.	0
feel crappy today	0
Not good!	0
Sunday feels great	1
I`m sorry you`re sick	0
hate	0
fan	1
thankyou	1
i`m bored	0
suffers	0
I miss my brothers.	0
The link doesn`t work	0
good	1
aww such a cutie	1
Thanks	1
Happy Mother`s Day ~ and for single dads who plays both mom and dad role enjoy your day too	1
very good day	1
!!! I am going to cry all the way home!!!	0
niceeeee	1
smeared	0
wonderful	1
"so, why the hell are we going to school for 2 hours next monday and tuesday...dumb snow days and thier lame rules...my mom making me go"	0
stupid	0
late	0
I like ur momma`s style!	1
Great.	1
morning darlin`  Hope you`re feelin` tip-top	1
"Ohhh, how lovely! I`m glad that you had a great time there."	1
I don`t think the coffee at work agreed with my tummy	0
Thanks! carry on the craziness again!!!	1
good luck with your auction	1
Some guy just said he wanted to spank me	0
me too  no one even liked my answers to life last night	0
lucky!	1
Thanks for your share tonight.	1
It should be a good day	1
r I`m excited anyway.	1
broken.	0
love	1
badly	0
happy	1
Thanks	1
I love these clutches!	1
unfortunately	0
oh no not difficult.	1
we will work on that mama  sweetdreams!	1
Ugh	0
One of my excellent designers	1
too long	0
lost	0
I can`t go back to sleep.	0
aww  cant wait to have you back in LA! <333	1
delicious	0
It was pretty cool. The kids *and* the adults had fun.	1
I gave a homeless lady named Ruby an Ice Cream sandwich and a cigarette.  That is my g00d deed for the day. :p	1
. Not an easy problem	0
Hates	0
happy	1
very bad dream	0
"Been sick all week and still not feeling so well,"	0
I am up and feeling pretty **** gud! I dont even have a hangover what a nice feeling	1
fun!	1
Greg Pritchard should have got threw to	0
thanks	1
****	0
best.	1
like	1
Nooooooo!	0
feelin lonely	0
appreciate	1
i like	1
go away	0
"Spending a wonderful Mothers Day with Brad, Mom and Dad.  Happy Mothers Day to all Moms"	1
just finished baking some cinnamon rolls   soooo yummy!	1
win	1
awesomeness	1
very nice	1
Over-thought	0
fun	1
Very happy	1
hard	0
t loveees	1
good	1
love	1
missing	0
good	1
(sorry	0
z i really dont want to.	0
had fun at	1
once i hit christian in the head with a metal bat! haha he then socked me in the eye! haha i miss being a reckless little kid	0
shame on me!!!	0
terrible	0
"Am in the place called 0UT OF NOW WHERE!! Take me out from here, somebody"	0
good	1
oh plzzzzz	0
So sad.	0
I need one too.	1
Aam   these dogs are going to die if somebody doesn`t save them!	0
feeling extremally ill	0
My Respect For Travis Clark Has Gone Down	0
Twitter you suck	0
you know what it is to see people you love most in his country and could not get closer?	1
"Twenty20 cricket, beer and sunshine very good. Well apart from the beer cause i`m on tablets!"	1
fun.	1
hates	0
so tired af	0
Can`t wait 4 a real bed!	1
Goodmorning	1
dirty!	0
**** lovee	1
chillin	1
too freaky	0
i feel like tweeting you for no reason.	0
pity	0
Feeling enthused	1
flu	0
"weather`s... ugh, something like asthma. So"	0
problems	0
"good,"	1
! How exciting!	1
all is good..happy mother`s day!!..	1
Excited	1
love	1
wants to cool down	1
#3wordsaftersex it never started...	0
hates me	0
summaa`s coming !!!	1
With sean s. watching house of a thousand corpes	0
love	1
sweet	1
PRIDE	1
hacked	0
"just watched terminator 2 and i cried, Its the one movie that makes me cry for some reason when arnie dies!"	0
Its a good hurt	1
joke	1
i hate being sick.	0
wiped.	0
"hit the wall,"	0
Hopefully	1
grrh	0
"I hate working nights, cos I`m not really able to enjoy this gorgeous weather, as I will be asleep"	0
"AND, We have your fabulous interracial ****!  WOOT!"	1
that would be perfect.	1
Glad	1
amazing	1
the best part	1
I`m feeling so weak and tired	0
Foolish	0
hope	1
d it absolutely ruled	1
Getting dizzy. Going to have to lower my original raise. Please don`t think any less of me.	0
i couldnt respond cuz i maxed out	0
Cough drops taste gross...blaaaqhhh	0
"pain,"	0
loving my sunday so	1
I feel like I haven`t talked to you in a really really long time.	0
great	1
We spell it the best	1
sad	0
*waves to make it all OK again*	1
shamed	0
life is good.	1
poor girl	0
I just crashed	0
Thanks for pointing out the crucial problems . Both of them have been taken care of  (c	1
#NAME?	1
OMFG	0
FUN!	1
love	1
I like your HR shirts.	1
beautiful	1
cannot waste my parents money.  Nt fair.	0
nice	1
****	0
I am a huge Mitch fan	1
tired	0
so expensive	0
unfortunately	0
won	1
rubbish	0
I have MAJOR CRAMPLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
B!    Super	1
good	1
tired	0
wrong size	0
bad!	0
unsurprised	0
"I`m absolutely exhausted,"	0
cute	1
sense	1
I love her so	1
"Early Monday,great  Rainy Monday,not so great :|"	0
wonders when all of these end..	0
Oh it`s so beautiful!	1
forgot	0
good	1
Today is way too stressful.	0
gah!	0
Happy	1
Happy Mother`s Day..	1
hope	1
awww wish I was there!	1
wanna	1
diet is working great	1
OMG..	0
LOVE	1
"You`re welcome, of course!"	1
May	1
WHEW!	1
ugh im crying again  writing a rant about it on tumblr.	0
Not even better	0
d absolutely loved it	1
while having some fun	1
"So has anyone had that yucky new throwback pepsi and mountain dew yet? If they plan on keeping it around, I will not be drinking it!"	0
getting sick... Ugh I`m losing my voice!	0
they make my gums hurt	0
finally got the sleep i needed	1
down.	0
when you know u aint done the wrong	1
died	0
lunch	1
ne just doesn`t want to work	0
e crazy	1
sad	0
h thank you	1
Hopefully	1
Missing	0
fail	0
super great flick though.	1
THIS WEBSITE GAVE ME A VIRUS!	0
sarcy	0
I skip school way too often  I`m rather proud actually.	1
liking your style Alice	1
lOve	1
e hope	1
super duper excited	1
crazy	1
hurt..	0
dropped	0
nobody loves me on twitter	0
good	1
SO funny..	1
nasty	0
ahh it was so amazing! and I am now in love with David Archuleta	1
i dont think you can vote anymore!	0
bother	0
Iiight thanks.	1
most epic we	1
",love"	1
stupid.	0
y. I miss you too	0
KMF going smoothly so far. Free stuff is always a plus.	1
hoping	1
miss	0
Oh and I hope Miller has a better day too	1
bummer	0
omg i had that book its soo funny	1
Hope u had a lovely time away	1
ds amazin	1
im so jealous	0
. I love Providence	1
Hate	0
pretty tired after a nice full day.	1
I like	1
thanx very much	1
perfect	1
'May the 4th' be wit	1
sad	0
thanks  this one will be a hit.	1
Had great time	1
check out this funny movie	1
s worth	1
happy	1
WOO!	1
Beautiful	1
ouuhh dont cry  i feel so sad right now	0
not good!	0
Another amazing night	1
all the photos  niceeeee	1
A relaxing	1
why you never answer me...	0
sick	0
overreaction..	0
ugh  and its sooo pretty outside..	1
funniest	1
too bad	0
you can explore the site 2 and find cool stuff	1
Annoyed	0
sorry we keep missing each other...	0
Blessings and Jo	1
SUCK	0
I don`t like Chris	0
Thanks	1
Awesome	1
Madly in love	1
MISS	0
Happy Mother`s Day	1
supposed to be good	1
thank	1
can`t read it	0
WHEE!	1
passed away	0
Indeed. Have a nice week!	1
good!	1
"Thanks for the review,"	1
SO white now.	1
horrible experience	0
Don`t count on it	0
great.	1
good	1
have fun	1
give me a chance	1
puncture!!	0
favorite	1
**** you rhinitis!	0
Sweet	1
a omg you win	1
saddd.	0
d without em`	0
headache and colds..	0
don`t have an appetite	0
is gonna bleed ALL of us dry!	0
now relaxed and well rested	1
I`m a bit bored	0
LOVE YOOOOUUU.	1
"shes so cute,"	1
good	1
Goodnight	1
fun!	1
Happy Mother`s Day to all Mothers out there	1
best	1
sucks!	0
Happiness is like peeing your pants...nobody can see it but only you can feel it`s warm sensation	1
"sooo tired,"	0
"this is pretty helpful, and kinda cool actually"	1
i miss my long hairrr	0
Finally upgraded to Spotify premium - exceeded my threshold of awesomeness some time ago.	1
good	1
? I like jackets.	1
congratulation	1
sick.	0
working mad hard	0
LOVE	1
Relaxing	1
relaxing night at home with best people	1
miss	0
depressing	0
Wish	1
its too warm	0
y`s gre	1
I miss you too	0
wow I feel like ish  and I really feel bad because those ignorent aholes wont overturn prop 8	0
1	1
happy	1
Worried	0
.your blog won`t let me post a comment.	0
havent ate today	0
Feel so depressed that I couldn`t save it... Thanks for nothing!	0
Hopefully	1
good morning hun!	1
exhausting.	0
Sorry	0
Back at homes hmm.. i rly am going to miss my boo for 2 days like wtf	0
Tiring	0
"sorry,"	0
I`m really excited	1
yay!	1
goood	1
sore!	0
Wat a nice day it was 2day!me and rachel decided to walk to work and walk back lol..was so warm inside tho	1
motivated	1
cheered	1
tired	0
fun	1
I WILL CRY!!	0
We`re not gonna be able to talk again	0
Cool.	1
good	1
hapee	1
Congrats on your bike ride today.. Very impressive indeed.	1
have fun	1
eventful..	1
ohh ****	0
dying on me	0
shame	0
so ill have a few free days a week... ill hit u up	0
my little booboo is sick	0
Happy mothers day	1
It hurts so bad	0
wow. hehehe. mushy-mushy mode.	1
. hope ur lookin 4ward	1
"Thanks,"	1
good	1
badly	0
Wow thanks a lot!	1
AAAAARRRRGGGHHH!	0
attacked	0
just completely lame. I`m sorry dude.	0
we watched that one day in the middle of playing-- it REALLY doesn`t hold up	0
im sorry.	0
good	1
sucks	0
good.	1
happy.	1
good	1
missed	0
sad	0
Quite excited	1
Happy Star Wars Day.every one	1
Dumb	0
i feel u  but its sooo close to me hard not to  but i cant so no point ug	0
love it wh	1
Cant wait to see the 3d concert	1
so i feel like **** for saying HAPPY BELATED BIRFDAYY.. i`m only a month late	0
lead	1
sounds good though.	1
w hope uve hada good day	1
Have a great day.	1
Happy	1
best of dreams	1
great	1
officially the BEST way	1
Unfortunately these heffas decided to take an impromptu mall trip	0
laugh	1
Happy	1
Looks like no diamond ball for me	0
boo hoo!	1
e doesnt try to violently	1
Thanx	1
Ugh worried about my math test	0
might just have made me cry	0
special	1
happy	1
tierd	0
haha.. good for you	1
None to be had	0
I don`t think I`m very well.	0
"en, hope it doesn`t rain"	1
"broke,"	0
Good morning	1
e Fine	1
should stop relying	0
Hopefully	1
"No, seriously you guys, I /wanted/ to kick Monday off wit"	0
Dammit!	0
y hope	1
"bad,"	0
pleasure	1
restrictions!	0
a wonderfu	1
Good night	1
NEED SOMEONE TO CHEER ME UP	1
Bored	0
dorky.	0
hurt	0
aww	1
failing	0
glad	1
Good	1
good	1
no problemo!!	1
lied!	0
thanks	1
love	1
fun	1
poor	0
has a tummy ache	0
Sleep-fail.	0
What a miserable day	0
gutted	0
Thanks	1
sucks.	0
Soooo romantic ev	1
i lose.	0
noooooooo  i miss you	0
awesome	1
Good	1
Hmph.	0
tired.	0
nice	1
****	0
pretty much ever HP except the one i wanted to look at	1
It isn`t moving fast enough.	0
Happy	1
liking	1
. Boring	0
didn`t	0
miss	0
****!	0
sorry	0
Thank you!  The best to you and yours tomorrow... I hope you all have a lovely day together!!	1
hates	0
fun	1
unfortunately	0
y. Lol	1
loves	1
wish!	1
hurts	0
No good	0
Can`t watch anymore	0
good!!	1
cuuuute	1
nauseatingly	0
"Yes! Cold coffee from yesterday. No sugar, no cream !  The way I like it !"	1
had a shitload of fun with her friends	1
pains	0
i appreciate	1
"As charming for his 2 sisters as it is for the other female guests, I`m sure"	1
super excited	1
sorry	0
FLASH IS BEING **** TONIGHT!	0
enjoy	1
goodluck	1
weird	0
Thanks	1
fun	1
>> HELP?	0
favorite	1
Lov	1
and guess what ! ive got 20 % ! wow its impossible	0
didn`t put any treats on my food	0
I love to jazzercise with Mrs. Underwood. I wish she was my chaperone.	1
Bummer.	0
HAPPY	1
sad	0
enjoy	1
I have a headache.	0
not in the fun way	0
encourage	1
good	1
my finger hurts	0
Bore	0
ly shade loving native wildflowers	1
wish	1
False hope!	0
so great to hear from u again today! U r the best!	1
In pillow heaven	1
Lol	1
**** the whole Twitter silence ex	0
hey! nice pic	1
awkward flashing.	0
"Yes, you really should!"	1
no luck in	0
disconnected	0
can`t go to	0
awww poor little girl on britains got talent	0
thks	1
im so thankful	1
sadly	0
bleeds	0
happy mother`s day mom. love you always	1
-a loooooong journey completed today...so thankful!	1
screams	0
lovely	1
stuck	0
failed!	0
wish	1
s problems	0
Cute	1
nice	1
y headache	0
Interesting.	1
hurts	0
not nice	0
thank you tiff	1
y Mother Nature is making my life miserable	0
I like  already	1
Congratulations lo	1
great	1
always good to see you	1
sorry	0
trafffffffic suckssss!	0
BUZZ KEEP MAKING FUN OF ME	1
beautiful.	1
grounded	0
nice	1
s  I`m about ready to visit Torchwood	1
love	1
I`ve already got problems with battery & earpiece	0
She loves this stuff.	1
I missed	0
When we got more followers we gonna have a competition.Hope you all look forward !	1
bad	0
good!	1
poor	0
i love	1
borred	0
hoping	1
much easier	1
better	1
i wish i was home in bed naked	0
miss	0
"I was so upset,"	0
cant scratch	0
love	1
your tweeps have lots of mother wisdom to share.	1
evil ****.	0
over-the-top happy.	1
e missing	0
i love	1
s like a hot box an	0
regret because i didnt take a chance	0
i like the positivity	1
I VERY much appreciate that.	1
I`ve experienced apathy over empathy	0
summmmmerrrrr begins...yeahhhhhyaaaaaa	1
"y, condolence"	0
"I`m really happy for u n leigh  thnx for sharing this happiness with us, this means the world to us all!  love ya! Mart"	1
Not impressed!	0
thank god	1
. thats cool.	1
so good	1
but her mommy wont let her  now	0
Happy	1
happy	1
not proud of	0
Thanks for the info	1
happy birthday man!	1
a nice	1
now my bum hurts	0
e nice	1
"oh no, sorry to hear abt Firefox crashing on you."	0
it was fun	1
ps it	1
", seriously  The crazier the topic, the better"	1
G`nimorning	1
thats gonna kill me	0
underpaid	0
support	1
I almost cryed !	0
pretty good Saturday	1
sorry	0
lovin	1
"thank you,"	1
(exausted)	0
c r a c k	0
Its hard	0
Very nice.	1
that sounds foreboding...	0
man u know things get very interesting sometimes lolll....im just 2 **** good	1
4th may officially announced as `bad luck day` ..	0
happy	1
e smh	0
smack	0
Hope	1
i don`t!	0
Wrestlefest was fun!	1
woo hoo it	1
hate	0
I would LOVE to ride the superman right now...	1
"Truck has bit the dust, don`t know if I`ll make the Mustangs game tomorrow"	0
Happy mothers day to everyon	1
wish	1
made me smile	1
hate	0
Yummy!!!	1
Goodnight	1
yummmm	1
****-face	0
sorry	0
save ev	1
lost	0
"to enjoy a lovely bbq with the family, loving the may day holiday"	1
I don`t want to be sick no mores	0
awesome shooeessss	1
I still can`t find anything tempting	0
IS BORED. Can`t even tease people now	0
Aw how come ur up so early? love ur youtube vids btw	1
no luck.	0
thank you!!	1
how sweet	1
cool and aww	1
tired	0
is sad because his tea and oatmeal are cold	0
I wish	1
Nooooothing to do tonight	0
won`t let me play	0
cheer	1
too nice  I love her!	1
"happy,"	1
broken	0
good	1
I am glad	1
excellent	1
"the $60,000 i spent going to college was well spent."	1
had a thrilling time with DAS joyride roadtrip! nice driving Pai and Paulo.	1
sadness	0
Thank	1
Hahaha and your name comes up as predicted text. Pretty awesome	1
seriously hung over	0
dearly departed	0
good job!	1
Roasting	0
oh great.	1
"awesome,"	1
? Too busy	0
I`m curious now	1
I love love love confit duck	1
Happy Mothers Day	1
didnt spend	0
ick dont	0
beautiful	1
laaaaaaaaave	1
i forgot my calculator for physics	0
shot straight	0
stupid	0
I love	1
tired	0
can`t wait to hug him	1
happy mother`s day	1
effective	1
i cant find it	0
I`m not cool enough	0
I dont believe in my eyes or	0
ly goo	1
won`t be happy	0
I can`t work	0
Oh good.	1
Good	1
has plopped TWICE!	0
amazing	1
@ i missed the party!!!!  i bought wine and everything!	0
miss	0
o sad	0
"I`m at work, hoping to enjoy the day!!  Fingers are crossed!!"	1
don`t feel good.	0
going to miss him.	0
. it sucks	0
wow-thanks soo much.	1
wrong	0
Missing	0
great!	1
So effing tired	0
fan!	1
Want to get a Blackberry but can`t afford it  . Just watching the telly and relaxing. Hard sesion tomorrow.	0
hehe	1
Good afternoon	1
wish	1
hope you had a nice break	1
Goood Moring	1
i hate the bus..	0
Bad	0
torn up	0
not so good	0
Happy	1
Love	1
watching the greatest movie ever	1
have a great camp!!!!! Wish I could be there.	1
miss	0
It`s sad	0
Happy	1
massive headache. argh	0
u were awesome!!!	1
excuse	0
absolutely DESTROYED	0
love	1
Happy	1
thanks	1
problems.	0
My mom was happy with my present  yayy	1
good.	1
wow!	1
ran out of coffee!	0
love	1
"Charter is pissing me off,"	0
c    Thank	1
Great meeting..	1
wishing I was anywhere but here...	0
successful	1
whuahahhaha	1
last thing on my mind	0
feeling lonely	0
WISH	1
suck	0
is missing her best friend	0
scratches	0
ii DON`T HAVE ANY EiTHER	0
Delayed	0
It should be illegal for me to date	0
I`m having the worst day.	0
I scratched my iPod	0
hurt like helll.	0
e lucky	1
Have fun	1
****	0
miss	0
Then back to **** school	0
cant find him	0
just tired and over worked	0
I wanna say happy mother`s day to all the mom`s including mine love u mama	1
miss	0
Aww bless hope the phones okayy  x	1
sorry	0
"it would sicken most,"	0
hi beautiful!	1
car accident	0
Well Done	1
Ugh..	0
hurt.	0
My chick wont shut up	0
had a fun day	1
interesting day. good overall	1
i want to cry	0
Happy	1
Good Morning	1
I wish our  didn`t close	0
Thanks for the link	1
Happy	1
hurts.	0
Good night everyone...	1
delayed	0
no more brother	1
is also very excited	1
i love Sundays	1
ahh love that song	1
Its so hot here	0
lost.	0
wow!	1
Where are u  miss you I hope you are doing well *sending big hugs	1
dont feel good	0
Awesome!	1
e how bad it all was	0
. I know its hard	0
no one wants to watch it with me	0
miss you	0
so tired.	0
great	1
unfortunatley	0
yep  which sucks because i thought somewhere it said it was..	0
Partytiiime	1
****	0
Had a bit too much of a good time!	1
Good	1
happy star wars	1
Yay for full-term!!	1
sounds important bu	1
awesome!	1
won`t be able to win.	0
warm	1
bless	1
Thanks.	1
dammm.	0
"No, it`s annoying and makes us girls that follow sports and are knowledgable look dumb"	0
a good	1
"this laptop is going to die,"	0
love	1
"but I to have no one to go with,"	0
"Happy mothers day to those of u that are mothers, and happy mothers day to all of your mothers      I miss my mom."	1
poor u	0
WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME ABOUT THIS SONG?????? RAP FRIENDS U HAVE FAILED ME	0
In alot of pain.	0
don`t care about my struggles..	0
I m so happy	1
"So much work, so little time"	0
Happy	1
forgot to turn it off. I feel bad about that.	0
forgets	0
p sounds great.	1
glad	1
getting bored of walking up and down the stairs	0
"Eating Toast  ~Peanut Butter,,Yum"	1
Good luck	1
super excited	1
HEAVEN!	1
i`m pretty bored/tried.	0
FacePanda is cool	1
hate	0
throat still hurts from the asthma	0
least favourite	0
why does twitter hate me	0
awesome	1
SPAM THREAD	0
NiGHT NiGHT MY TWiTTER LOVES ON THE PHONE THEN SLEEP	1
I feel like crying bit I realy don`t want to  why is this bothering me sooooooo much !?	0
Happy	1
thanks for the message	1
Happy	1
..they dont ever send me notices! just notices for other people to my address!	0
!  wow ur page is awesom	1
great.	1
"Patience, it`s worth it"	1
a sad goodbye to Miss Lynne Ashminov  we will miss you!	0
good	1
Thanks so much	1
r wonderfull	1
tummy hurts	0
"its hard cuz Im workin so much, I miss out on alot"	0
Chemistry is not fun..	0
i can`t wait to meet my goal	1
hate	0
i hate	0
w.' Very easy to accomplish	1
"hates the everything about  seafood.. just so happened to serve lobster in the chow hall... noooowww, I gotta headache.. ugh! smh..."	0
enjoyed	1
my kid is sick too	0
is enjoying the night with her folks.	1
Nooooo!	0
not soo good	0
Happy	1
Good morning!!	1
Loved	1
Congrats	1
sux big time	0
thanks.	1
HAPPY	1
praying you get better soon you sweet one	1
LOVE	1
The girls LOOOOVED it!	1
Insane.	1
love	1
congratss to them	1
not looking too good	0
. all in good fun.	1
sigh...sadface.	0
loving life lately!!!!	1
Chilling out...	1
t hates	0
I wish I couldn`t wrap my head around it  Hopefully it`ll wake up some people that say/think 'racism doesn`t exist anymore'	1
Bummer	0
fantastic	1
that`s terrific! Smile up!    :-|	1
too much work to get done fo	0
miss	0
such a good book. totally worth the sleep deprivation.	1
e riveting	1
"Finally, I got my teaching load confusion cleared."	1
Glad	1
no luck	0
I`m praying that I dont acid reflux  and that it was a one time thing	0
kill	0
tragidy	0
no worries	1
Awww that is sweet	1
nicer	1
ive burned like a ginger kid in the sun. now my arms are red	0
`m embarrass	0
sadly	0
didn`t work	0
sober	0
My left shoulder is burnt from yesterday	0
i`ve missed you  just bore	0
bored	0
_x ah that`s annoying	0
it feels so good	1
Liked it very much!  excellent cinematography!!!	1
GREAT	1
wish I could alter time!!	0
sadly	0
expired.	0
hurts	0
bad	0
s nice	1
ht have fun for me	1
bad	0
its beautiful	1
better	1
I can easily live	1
blast	1
Hope	1
great we	1
The amazing thing is that he`s still talking to me!	1
Feeling kind of sentimental	1
rubbish!	0
suck	0
nice!	1
not a good song	0
saved!	1
great meeting you	1
funny.	1
Haha.	1
love	1
om nom nom nom	1
love	1
congratulations	1
That sucks!	0
BEST Xmen movie!	1
just gott home from work and now relaxing	1
help	1
happy momies day!	1
U LOVE	1
. lamee.	0
sick sucks!!!	0
is allergic to you...Oh NO!	0
bored	0
i love	1
Soooo full that im starting to feel sick	0
"That`s sad,"	0
Happy May Bank Holiday British Peeps	1
Thinks she`s getting sick.....	0
y Happy and Fabulous Mother`s Day!	1
NOOOO I`ll miss you too much!	0
loving th	1
love	1
hairloss..	0
had a great night	1
Oh God bless you	1
Got a fever and cnt sleep	0
:] AGH I just realized the band playing at Bear Garden today is one I like!	1
don`t feel good	0
noooooooooo	0
Thanks	1
just not fun	0
can`t wait for the last day of school.	1
better	1
Time is just dragging by.	0
"sorry this is late,"	0
Wish	1
psst new blog up.. comments me likey	1
u feeling urself so much u cant say hi???  me no likey	0
wow!	1
is sad th	0
fun!	1
just missing jar	0
bless you'	1
sore throat now  dammit	0
goodmorning	1
irritating.	0
be painf	0
"great,"	1
Water  we sta focused we are on the job	1
good	1
yayay	1
happy mother`s day	1
"I also want it to be the 6th, i miss my girlies so much   WE GET TO BE ROOMIES AGAIN!"	0
love you tooooo	1
didn`t even get a chance to use	0
fail	0
s soo sad	0
.that is soooo sad.	0
good luck C have funn!	1
they got attacked	0
better	1
Feels like im going to cough up a lung	0
I like	1
nice	1
- I don;t like drinking	0
goes any chance of relaxation!!	0
New issue of  in the office...desperately want to flick through but have so much to do. It`ll have to wait	0
yummy	1
fabulous	1
sympathise	0
Thanks very much	1
would love to	1
love	1
"very adoring fan,"	1
The whole family is at my house. I am at work	0
"still no class loaders,"	0
i`m at work starving	0
saddest thing ever	0
make me happy  Perfect running weather!	1
Looking forward	1
I really wish I was already done with it Luv writing thought Id like it	1
it`s going to be fun!	1
is wishing everyone a blessed & beautiful Mother`s Day!	1
broke	0
missed it	0
thanks!!	1
best.	1
Not in a good mood.	0
thanks	1
"Ha Thats good. Thats why I love my boys,"	1
Happy	1
sucks ****!	0
enjoy	1
weird	0
Can`t stop coughing	0
happy	1
boooooo	0
Doesnt feel good!	0
getting burned!	0
Happy	1
boring	0
"sweet, I`m trying to earn my crown for gluten free baking!"	1
Ugh. Too much happened today. I really need a hug	0
i miss	0
Sorry	0
I`ll be ok.	1
y does it hurt so much?	0
forget	0
HAPPY	1
nice	1
sweet.	1
Moral support for students	1
can`t drink fo	0
miss	0
great	1
funny	1
a scared	0
"hey kellie,how are u?I FEEL HORRIBLE!"	0
Congratulation`s	1
Happy	1
Going for a ride! Perfect night to go out and chill	1
good.	1
? its really good!	1
"sooo, u just gon cheat on me and tell everybody on twitter? I don`t know if I can trust you anymore."	0
Missing	0
great	1
it mea	0
Exhausted after a 58 hour work week	0
amazing	1
looking forward to a yummy dinner	1
Beer is an excellent excuse. Earlier i was sweating god knows how much! Not looking forward to working tomorrow	0
e fails	0
That sounds good.	1
likes	1
excited!	1
So sorry to hear that though.	0
like	1
4 fillings to the good(?	1
so do it big for mom	1
she never even emailed back.	0
a good	1
funny!	1
some are quite nice!	1
favourite	1
misses	0
sorry.	0
got sick  not feeling so great.	0
. At least he`s happy I came.	1
"ah, ****,"	0
Not a good start	0
you will be great! Have a wonderful first day	1
can`t wait	1
i can`t seem to access	0
Let`s hope I make good use of this site	1
hahaha I	1
go in to work that sucks.	0
", i love"	1
Awww my lovies! Yes I love it all.	1
.I totally owe you.	1
love	1
insanity	0
grand	1
missin	0
Glad	1
that makes me sad...	0
thanks	1
My mouth hurts fr	0
bad	0
couldn`t find	0
e welcome	1
Still gutted that man utd lost	0
ughhh	0
Happy Mother`s Day to all the beautiful Moms out there.	1
Thank	1
Happy	1
ed hoping	1
iLove my	1
glad	1
i wish i could find one that wasn`t gryffindor	0
Enjoy your trip.	1
yes i am.  but she didn`t follow me	0
canNOT	0
"Ok that`s not true! Plus, you`re insulting me saying that I`m insulting you! I`ve been trying to cheer you up."	0
your web URL looks good	1
"- I`m hoping these pills will do something, cuz I`m gonna go nuts"	1
Or your mobile doesn`t like me	0
Pissed at you	0
Have fun! Wish your mums a happy mother`s day for us!	1
no point anyways	0
i have another clot in my leg	0
dying	1
nice	1
love my son he`s a hero	1
Ouch just burned myself making soup for nico...	0
my tongue hurts so bad.	0
Not looking forward to that	0
great	1
I`m bad	0
annoying	0
"best,"	1
i`m so tired	0
No free ice cream though	0
so tired.	0
s hope	1
t. U may be right.	1
W Happy Mother`s Day lady	1
Great	0
Damnit.	0
ha ha  thank you!	1
I`ll live	1
Wish	1
no one to dance with tonight!	0
enjoying	1
god bless u and I hope the rest of your weekend is joyfull	1
My penalty save sent us through	1
better!	1
having fun with little kids right now	1
You`re welcome.	1
im glad	1
very fortunate	1
t Thank	1
mess	0
loves	1
I believe a man died in a car wreck today just right down the road.  It happened at 12 and at 2 he was still in the car.	0
"imissu,"	0
sad	0
pain	0
bad parent	0
but can`t go back to sleep.	0
trouble	0
thanks for finding the amusing rubiks pictures tonight.	1
horrible!	0
that is sickening.	0
"yeah it made a great noise, and tripped the house circuit breaker. Good Times. $200 worth of parts too"	0
0 so it`s not that bad	1
Happy Bank Holiday	1
Today is my Mother`s birthday- Happy Birthday & I love you! She is an angel whom has helped me so much during this time of my life	1
Awaiting	1
rules are meant to be broken to get the job done.	0
i wish i was going to be with my ST girls tomorrow	1
Getting tired of transatlantic flights. Not good for my carbon footprint either	0
"Hey, that link didn`t work for me"	0
wrong.	0
recommend	1
Sad	0
Shawna and Damon are so cute	1
"fourteen hours later, i`m still having the worst allergy flare-up in my life from shooting an engagement session in a field last night..."	0
t lets for sure do lunch next week!!	1
Good advice.	1
stupid	0
Iï¿½m sorry for that	0
pinched	0
"If you keep trying, you`ll get it right the last time."	1
0	0
it was yummy	1
love	1
badly	0
wonderful	1
not a 100% triumph	0
completely broke your heart?	0
Love	1
That	0
cute	1
Worried	0
TRUE	1
miss	0
e I love you!	1
So sorry	0
he isn`t happy about it	0
i miss	0
Little Sweet D and Leigh are doing good...thanks for the updates Ho	1
.we are 'arguing' about nothing.	0
missed	0
satisfaction	1
tired	0
s haha	0
Thanks	1
I don`t like my dress	0
Im not happy	0
excited	1
retarded	0
tired.	0
Happy mothrs day	1
had a great night with friends	1
soft	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
I miss my friends so much	0
"i changed my picture  i am soo screwed, i have an assignment due tomorrow that i havent started, i just cant concentrate argh"	0
", i`m sorry."	0
just relax like it is or translated to swedish too? Just got to take a look at my next comment	1
like	1
cool	1
I envy	1
happy	1
it`s ok lol  I think we might do the same dates.	1
ILE~life is go	1
this cold weather is killing me	0
i am sooooo mad rite now..	0
.you no good dude	0
Bored	0
sware to God i`ll never again en	0
e mistakes	0
so hot	0
Thanks for the feedback.	1
Bleh	0
- thanks!	1
mad traffic	0
awful.	0
glamorous	1
cry	0
boring	0
good luck to them	1
Happy Mommy`s Day to all the mothers in the world!	1
But I Don`t Want To Go	0
Great idea	1
sorry	0
tough	0
I`m bummed.	0
hopefully it	1
Nothing like alone time with your handheld device	1
HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY	1
isnt very happy about the fact that her back is hurting today	0
Feeling special @	1
goodnight	1
Hurt	0
.  Best lookin	1
Happy Mothers Day!	1
I like that.	1
Glad	1
pathetic.	0
Thank you for the advice	1
the mum`s cake is done.. now i need make a good luch and tomorrow will be an amazing Mum` day	1
ready	1
I`m SAD SAD SAD!!!	0
I`m getting even more sad.	0
"Soo fun, isn`****?"	1
I am doing fantastic	1
oh that stinks..	0
Productive saturday night	1
****	0
can fix problems..	1
Downtown drinking celebrating the cavs victory!!!	1
It was a GREAT year!!	1
yes i like the vids	1
best	1
can`t find the budget	0
"problem,"	0
Alas	0
wtf	0
ahh my poor feeeeeet	0
Happy Mo	1
"****, ne"	0
we don`t have a teacher.	0
"good,"	1
pissed off	0
h headache	0
fun fun	1
Not good cl	0
"No hard feelings, I hope  Like I say"	1
no fair.	0
SCREWED	0
clearly need to crack the whip some more	0
bad	0
It`s killen me!	0
Happy	1
(Three and I`m out	0
: yes  and ily	1
it was aweesome	1
in the heat... I hate this..	0
I like that.	1
killing	0
headache.	0
disappointed..	0
That`s great Bastos!  I`m happy for you	1
i dont want to no about it	0
great	1
I`m not impressed that it almost always rains on Bank Holidays !! Stil... It`s a free day - no college	0
mess	0
spammer	0
I am sure the effects are worth it.	1
This is dumb. I keep losing followers!	0
sorry	0
fun	1
! Mine is one of te few surviving 'good' system..	1
happy	1
now the pic wont load up on twitter	0
Glad you are happy!	1
what the hell	0
Hope I don`t get sick	0
spent too much already	0
sucks about holidays:	0
tough	0
Thank you	1
i fear th	0
"awesome,"	1
low	0
s spoilt	0
great	1
thanks	1
y downhill	0
Overheat	0
its aweful	0
bad	0
great night hangin out with my family... mom and dad loved the extra company tonight!	1
"Very bored. All day, no one 2 talk 2. Missing my BF (and his kisses)."	0
. too bad	0
boring	0
confsuing	0
loss	0
smiles	1
look like ****!!	0
"Happy Mother`s Day,"	1
bad	0
I`m so happy!	1
is literally amazi	1
your blog is interesting	1
EXSPECIALLY MINE  LOVE YOU MOMMY	1
tafe was actually quite good. fo	1
none of my friends will go w/	0
Glad	1
headache	0
hi I`m ok   still not feeling grea	0
"e look painful, poor bb"	0
sucks!	0
awesome	1
I blame	0
LOVED	1
i wish i gave you one last kiss	1
nice	1
**** you is all i have to say	0
kinda makes me sad though.	0
hateeee	0
she is indeed nuts!	0
best	1
I liked best?	1
looks like a delicious recipe	1
is looking goo	1
"sounds good, the one I was too was also fun"	1
raised the prices	0
burned-f	0
lazy	0
l I look forward	1
t I have an exam on the monday that Im gonna fail	0
Goodnight	1
. The red cars hopefully	1
o sorry	0
yumm!	1
happy	0
Love	1
i`m sad.	0
so no record.	0
sore	0
t good	1
abuse	0
bad	0
And the car thing sucks - I feel all anxious and yucky now	0
i would love to	1
Love	1
"Wow, your spam really has everything covered! Mine`s almost all **** enlargement stuff."	0
the bad new	0
"Love the comeback,"	1
miss	0
couldnt	0
It is hot here in Texas and our ac upstairs is broken so its really hot at my house.	0
has a headache from the the heat.	0
but it costs 2 much	0
I`m so disgusted	0
e extremely clever	1
bored	0
help! can`t even read the solutions online  #badmicrosoft	0
Aww!  That`s so sweet!  So glad she`s home with you now. Happy mother`s day to	1
", you are an incredibly wealthy man"	1
i really like the friday	1
e important	1
good	1
I`m sad	0
I`m jumping off the nearest bridge if I can`t have it	0
Can`t wait!	1
miss	0
I`m SO full!  It`s delicious! One of my Philly favs.	1
If I smile at you will you follow me please lol	1
i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate mother`s day.	0
_da_**** ï¿½ cant im not @ my sister house no ï¿½-net tonite	0
Good	1
o  I`ll settle for cheap cider	0
hell yes i`m keen.	1
broken	0
s nice	1
fun	1
**** everything	0
Happy Friday!	1
miss	0
"is really, really bored..."	0
sad..	0
"off this cold, ugh"	1
Missed you last night hon	0
very very very funny!!	1
"h, LOL. Happy Mothers Day to you as well!"	1
There`s nothing good on tonight anyway!	0
Sadness.	0
we were bored	0
happy	1
r disappointing this year	0
makes me sad	0
Stupid work	0
"The ballerina family is super nice, al"	1
Love	1
it can`t be that exciting.	0
Have fun	1
miss	0
amazing	1
Sorry	0
Thank you	1
splints sucks!!	0
Thank you	1
Look forward to	1
tired	0
yum!	1
starving!!	0
I won`t be getting one	0
Happy	1
fun week wi	1
lovely lunch	1
like	1
relaxing	1
**** IT !	0
GOOD MORNING!!	1
sad.	0
good!  now let`s go get this done	1
"Today I`m sad,"	0
happy!	1
poor hilly	0
#iusedtobescaredof	0
am little bit upset	0
Aww..	0
problem	0
Im not friends with anyone anymore	0
the fire alarm went off due to someone burnt food in microwave	0
I want to be in love.......	1
Enjoy	1
smh	0
DIE	0
cant be bothered	1
headache	0
Thank	1
STRESSED AS HELL	1
**** I love this show soo **** much	1
great	1
I hate watching the News.	0
sore	0
YUCK	0
confirmation party	1
had a 100% raw day	0
rash	0
hopefully	1
"i love my life right now, i couldn`t ask for anything more. i love being happy"	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
Dear god i hope they save it	1
Enjoying	1
belt thing is a no-go since I didn`t hear back.	0
I wish I	1
HAPPY BDAY BOO BEAR!	1
"feel so bad for him, he`s so sad"	0
.gawd the life of multi-taskin`  night/mornin`	0
appreciate	1
Njoying sunday  plce	1
?Poor	0
would be better	1
my stomach is bleh!	0
I love it & miss the good ol days	1
Wouldn`t call that cool or dangerous. Reckon it fits into the stupid category	0
boo	0
ruin	0
I am so happy.	1
to ha	0
Apologies in advance.	0
good	1
"good stuff,"	1
sad	0
sick.	0
thnks	1
date is showing you a good time	1
sad	0
I heart you	1
nonsense	0
down!	0
But I can`t.	0
"I want too soo bad, I hate missing GUMBO, but I have a shoot tommorrow that I have to be at for 8:30.  So No GUMBO for me...."	0
broke.	0
you ALWAYS look nice	1
ruined	0
"i feel really sick, and my teeth still hurt.  fml."	0
hurts	0
urs.  Looooong day tomo	0
pretty spectacular	1
sadness	0
killed	0
this sucks so bad	0
I also have a brain tumor	0
lazy	0
bad times?	0
Top of the table!	1
We wasnt invited to yall get togethers either! Then  and  was playin security and told us to be quiet!!	0
carnt stand hot weather	0
Can`t beat	0
Lucky you!	1
it is a crying shame.	0
i don`t like this bangs! I want my hair back!	0
?  Sorry that your computer is not cooperating	0
cramps;	0
wonder	0
so tired!	0
Has to be a Mac! Believe me - you won`t regret it	1
l. Love	1
"is suffering from hayfever, is drowsy from too much Piriton,"	0
wow	1
beat	0
Happy Mommy`s Day	1
Still sore from my surgery  and tired.	0
Hope that migraine doesn`t stick around for too long.	1
missed	0
grad party	1
good morning. have to get ready to go to the hospital and get a cat scan. best wishes to you.	1
Healthy	1
"- I`m alright thanks pal, just bored witless, bored to hell, really wanna` go out somewhere!"	0
yummy	1
.I`m trapped at work	0
delicious	1
great	1
"good,"	1
thanks	1
overjoyed.	1
I just don`t feel right anymore..	0
misplaced	0
Happy	1
Sad	0
great	1
hard!!	0
Got tired	0
! You always leave me behind	0
obsessed	1
sinking	0
i hate waking up early!	0
.stay 1 twitterbugs...goodnight!	1
No one loves me  Brittany forgot my flowers...	0
CONGRATS	1
crazy **** Koreans aren`t playing nice anymore	0
wishing you all a happy monday	1
Wtf?	0
Please dont ruin this	1
died	0
No cheers sad face	0
hate	0
Im crying..	0
I like da cooolooorss and the composition is great	1
wanna roc wit`chu	1
That is the sweetest loveliest thing for you to say. You made me smile. Thank you for that.	1
Im doing good	1
fun	1
yay.	1
"I`m very depressed,"	0
lov	1
lovely	1
o great	1
Thanks!	1
headache	0
happy	1
"I`m feelin sad, depressed, lonely, unhappy all at once."	0
delayed	0
'Thank You!	1
hate no	0
Fab new pic by the way	1
been in bed for two days with migraines	0
save	1
Poor Greg	0
only thing I ate today.	0
good	1
. Pleasant surprise	1
i`m worried	0
We are having a day `at home` today - which is proving to be rather lovely	1
bad	0
dreaded call	0
nd good luck	1
Love	1
Happy	1
"Ugh,what a boring day"	0
cute	1
I still have nightmares about this game   FU KC	0
to be over!	0
It`s good isn`****! Ou	1
love em	1
Still not working	0
Why can`t i find	0
"I`m trying my dang hardest to not watch the movie again until I finish the book, again."	0
Awww mate. that`s such a shitter	0
#itsucks	0
Hugs	1
haha thanks.	1
NICE	1
you`ll enjoy it I promise	1
l	1
chill	1
WHATTA FATTYYY	0
slow	0
miss	0
learn to fly higher...!	1
last day of school  so sad	0
"Thanks,"	1
"Pretty,"	1
ing!  Th	1
LOVE	1
thanks	1
awwww	1
suspended as	0
some days are harder than others.	0
d found 2 books that looked promising	1
sad	0
cannot refused to feel the pain	0
Love	1
Thanks	1
"Soo tired,"	0
he will make your day..	1
Sorry to hear that	0
I`m so not done	0
! it makes me wanna cry	0
I recommend this to everyone	1
It`s depressing I`m stuck inside all day	0
AWESOME	1
looking forward	1
Sorry I can not reach either URL	0
So sorry to hear your terrible news	0
How sad!  I am heartbroken	0
awesome.	1
I love it!!!	1
good	1
It`s so sad	0
I got lazy and stopped	0
such a sad ending	0
love	1
? oh and beautiful sunny	1
hate	0
good morning fella   i have the joy of work to do toda	1
it sucks	0
error	0
"Oh, wow, you`re fast"	1
like a dork fo	0
wishing	1
thanks	1
...than	1
miss	0
hit	0
love	1
easy	1
hoping	1
I just love it	1
I`m so sorry.	1
yummy strawberry lemonade	1
"oh no!  thats no good! I pierced  my bottom lip on the right side...myself in 12th grade, but we had a no piercings dress cod"	0
best	1
laughed	1
why the hell is it raining!! i hate the rain.	0
hurts.	0
stupid	0
*cue	1
fun	1
annoying..	0
liked	1
yay!!	1
feels good	1
is awesome	1
omg man  i`ll pray for ya	0
nice 1  fun day	1
Very well thank you!	1
sick	0
Lost his favorite thing	0
that`s why we like it	1
She gives good advice.	1
good luck	1
thank u	1
a best	1
started feeling bad	0
lol i <3 spongebob	1
Ahh dang	0
Good Morning!	1
whyd u feel awful after last night?	0
you`re definitely one of the hottest	1
feel so out of the loop.	0
cute!	1
My mom doesnt wanna go	0
misses	0
THANKS	1
love	1
"luckily,"	1
It was really good. The animation was excellent and the creativity was inspirational.	1
Twitter has been foking up for me today arg!	0
l grey and hazy	0
sweet mum	1
I`m not too sure about baked beans though.	0
. Its tuff	0
Looking forward	1
Hates	0
Happy Star Wars Day!!!	1
real bad headache..	0
ewww.	0
*sigh* i always disappoint people who get in my way...  everyone .. i`m OUT.. i might disappoint everyone else here..	0
is so tired iv	0
enjoying	1
. It`s hard to find good wallpapers.	0
but can i find a sitter? wtf? why does everyone have plans? it`s only saturday night...sigh.	0
woop woop ****	1
"Awe Man, I hope someone turns it in"	1
i need some serious cheering up	0
Scared	0
hopefully	1
Wow no one loves me	0
I loveeee her. Foreverrr	1
Oh noes!! Melted ice cream = do not want.	0
favorite.	1
nice	1
i really dont like them	0
How weird is she? Remarkably not so much anymore.	0
Grrr..stupid internet connection	0
absolutely hilarious	1
killing	0
relaxing	1
bummed	0
Stuck in tr	0
Keep up the good work	1
You are such a 1 thinker	1
celebrate	1
Dammit!	0
july... too long	0
amazed!	1
good for tummy aches	1
sucks!	0
tierd.i	0
against everything	0
m glad	1
'i dont like this'	0
amazing! so	1
"awww, im so sorry hun  im sure she didn`t do it on purpose though, she seems so sweet"	0
"Ah sorry to hear that,"	0
My loss	0
Super bummed	0
feels nice	1
Tired	0
. Thanks	1
! Love ya guys and cab wait to see another awesome show soon	1
what is wrong with my bum ankle.	0
better	1
that`s why I can`t be bothered with it Sony	1
problem.	0
documentation is not yet complete	0
saddo	0
mess.	0
i love	1
Its been down	0
broke	0
our work is done	1
won	1
"If you like him, then you should go"	1
FAIL	0
s kinda sick of it	0
This week has been so lonely without gossip girl	0
is there anyway you could forgive me?	0
This sucks.	0
excited	1
I corrected myself	1
lovin`	1
beautiful	1
"can`t stop my lappy overheating,"	0
Happy mother`s day to you as well!  Have a good one!	1
good	1
good	1
ut I wanted to hit me up	0
scarred for life!	0
Can relax a bit now.	1
i`ll miss y`all back...	0
thankyou.	1
awarded..	1
its too nice	1
miss	0
YES!!!	1
amazing	1
so afraid	0
doesn`t wanna get dressed up an	0
liked	1
what good role models	1
m  suck	0
the best for me	1
LOVE	1
so sad.	0
thanks	1
sad	0
hahahaha! i laughed my **** off just now. thanks	1
lucky	1
Cant wait to talk to you soon	1
"Haha, nice! ;) Thanks for letting me know!"	1
She`s so festive aint` she hehe	1
love	1
i tried to help	1
scared	0
- I`m feeling lonely	0
nice!	1
Happy Meal	1
falling out with nick	0
happy	1
hope you`ve had an amazing weekend	1
really well to	1
bad	0
"sweet,"	1
thank u!!!	1
ihate	0
Other than the music nothing is great	0
awesome	1
cute	1
d just fine	1
ry cute	1
boring	0
but	0
Happy	1
Happy Mothers day	1
happy mum`s day!	1
I won`t leave you alone until you accept my appology	1
"i lost friends,"	0
...I`m sooo excite	1
nice!!	1
DAYUUMM Life`s Hard	0
i feel like a princess.  i love lingerie parties!	1
****	0
It`s not the fastest way...	0
happy	1
enjoyed	1
i really love	1
.not well today	0
promised	1
crying!	0
Miss you	0
Needless	0
badly	0
sweet dreams!	1
blocked	0
": Oh. The voting is over!  But don`t worry, I already voted for you about 100000000000000000000000000000000000 times earlier!!!"	1
"I never order chips any more due to how unhealthy they are, but getting a burrito from Chipotle or Qdoba doesn`t feel right without em"	0
; pretty cool!	1
fail	0
at thanks lovely sunny day no	1
wtf	0
the	1
fastest transfer rate	1
Great !!! Your book looks fantastic ? I want it	1
thank	1
why im not sleeping  !!	0
great reason!!	1
EEEEEEEEEEE!!	1
accidents	0
won`t turn on.	0
nerd.	0
My aim is not working due to network problems	0
i know   but its better than nothin	1
best	1
hate	0
Wish	1
nice	1
.nice 2 c u today.	1
doin homework ugh	0
you had a wonderful dog.. and sooo cute...	1
we can learn together!	1
awesome.	1
I`m on a budget...boo!	1
missed	0
my head feels sooooooooooo much better	1
good	1
Happy	1
"really well,"	1
so rad	1
Uncool.	0
"Oh hell,"	0
my mum would be happy to receive 2 handbags and a card from us today. heheee.	1
Patrick should come here and say hi!	0
Thank you	1
worst	0
:` ( ... i`m so sad..	0
My goodness!	1
someone please tighten some bolts in my brain	0
We had a blast	1
I`m just sick of it hurtin	0
Allergies suck	0
"yaayy, ca"	1
o well its my fault	0
bored!	0
It was nice knowing you	1
Awesome!	1
wishing	1
I`m stuck wearing a sun dress	0
"really good,"	1
i cantttt.	0
It`s too hot to be sat in an office!  I wanna be out in the sun shineeeee.	0
Aww thanks jon that`s very thoughtful...u	1
Youtube is made of fail right now.	0
? What`s wrong	0
What are these Americans thinking when they compose poems? Or maybe I am the one with the problem.	0
tired	0
There was nothing magical about it	0
I LOOK forward	1
"kinda cute, to be honest"	1
Sad	0
"lmao, it`s true"	1
like	1
y poor baby I think it`s allergies!	0
I`m watching some of your videos in YouTube. You`re funny David.  Oh and TALENTED of course!	1
I wish I could	1
too good!	1
miss	0
really good day	1
doesnt support me	0
spammers	0
nice	1
Goooood	1
happy mom`s day	1
Wow... I was tricked in	1
sucked	0
I`ll be happy to get back running soon	1
sorry bout today	0
wonderful	1
"wrong,"	0
d he`s a really good singer	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
some things never change	0
I hate my arrival	0
t i didnt miss it	1
hanging with my bestie	1
HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY	1
helps	1
sucks!	0
wish	1
won`t be working with me anymore	0
"... rather than outdated & bigoted at worst, and outdated, patronising, imperialist, monoculturalist & self-righteous at best."	0
Thanks	1
My home made red velvet cupcakes were pretty **** good! now to master the frosting... goodnight!	1
food I had was pretty bad.	0
t wholeheartedly agree with you.	1
really bad	0
i love	1
Now im a lil sad	0
I am having a godawful	0
tore	0
lost	0
just love	1
sucks.	0
weird	0
happy	1
sucks	0
easier	1
I can`t keep it	0
Why does my boss have to come in today.....	0
sadly	0
wasn`t nice	0
vague.	0
awesome	1
suxs	0
jealous!	0
"Thanks!!!!  Like I said on facebook, you just made me awesomely happy.  Thanks"	1
Thats soooo pretty.	1
confused	0
Very weird	0
Great.	1
Im so boring..	0
happy mothers day... *i love you mom...*	1
ha ha surprisingly well considering!! Having a good time in the sun up in the mountains	1
perfect	1
You are very much welcome	1
Good night	1
good	1
really good Br	1
i can`t sleep properly..	0
Reduculous!!	0
#NAME?	1
sad	0
d hang out at the beach	1
He was really lovely.	1
eating breakfast  getting ready to go to school ;(	0
i`m so mad that im going to be missing the maine tomorrow because it takes all effing day to fly to florida	0
Happy	1
Phew long day	0
was AWESOMEEEEEE!!!!!!	1
anxious	0
but I can`t.	0
hopefully	1
"Happy Mother`s Day, at all non-mothers, Happy Sunday, the 10th of May."	1
Boo.	0
Relaxing.	1
it`s totally AMAZING	1
sad	0
e shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit!	0
all the best in	1
I cant mo	0
can`t wait to make that call tomorrow.	1
FINALLY DONE WITH MY PROJECT !  now its 3:12 am  haha goodnights ! <3	1
"yeah, I just realise the organiser dun let performing artist/djs drink on stage  tight malaysian laws n rules here"	0
Thank you.	1
HAPPY	1
interesting	1
yay me!	1
virus.	0
thanks	1
thank u soooooo much	1
"he biggest talkers,"	1
:'(  that`s 1 man dead 4 sure.	0
d help me a lot.	1
Goodnight	1
love you.	1
STARVING!!	0
"I can`t wait, though. Now I just need 2 find a regular partner if I end up loving it!"	1
", youre welcome to come hang!"	1
hotttie poooh!!!!	1
"Ah, the bank holiday shift at work. What fun"	0
Thanks	1
my device thing doesn`t work	0
missing..	0
really brave	1
Thx!	1
Bummed that F! F! F! broke up	0
Brilliant  Thanks! Not sure what brownie points will get you though!	1
DAM i wish cElEbs cOuld frikken fOLLow baaaaaaaaaaackkkkkkkk	0
Getting serious withdrawal symptoms	0
Thanx	1
i hate nick be	0
awsome..	1
! LUV YA	1
missing	0
Scary guy on	0
Aww how sweet	1
ANGRY	0
you`re hot	1
Happy	1
m not getting the full idea	0
die!	0
2pm today is Quiz Time at the Goat! Game shows to play and prizes to be won! Plus `Toss Off Tommy` for free drinks! Today from 2! x	1
I`ll miss the game tmwr.	0
cool	1
love	1
Oh very nice! I hope you have a wonderfully relaxing day!	1
Am getting upset listening to the say now	0
Feeling much better  Doing History Research.	1
learned the hard way	0
o thrilled	1
good	1
Migraine is fighting its way back	0
Excellent	1
a good	1
"Wow, a calm evening"	1
soooo expensive???	0
dropped	0
good	1
*smacked	0
"world`s ugliest dog has died  We`ll miss you,"	0
e looove.	1
I love B&BWs new scents ?	1
It`s pretty perfect eh!	1
"I hate to say this,"	0
hong kong is great for crazy 'English names'.	1
lmao	1
pumped	0
HAPPY	1
really really good.	1
miss	0
pretty fun way to	1
I got such bad cards... i suck	0
sucks.	0
is wishing that i could be famous for acting and dancing	1
Thanks	1
Good morning!	1
"Aw, thanks."	1
why the hell is air not on TODAY	0
crappy	0
guys are retarded!	0
miss	0
[ the angle ]	1
I don`t feel so good af	0
yummy	1
I love crowded	1
l?  I`m a sucker for the lat	0
Lol! Joyologist? Love it - much better than the happy freak who can`t stop smiling  Enjoy Monday!	1
o awesome	1
Hate	0
You`re welcome!	1
I`m doing okay	1
"you won`t find nobody,"	0
sad	0
s love	1
good	1
.. It`s been an interesting one	1
o good	1
hurrah	1
thanks.... just awesome	1
o lonely	0
That`s awesome man.	1
thank you	1
omg	1
st isn`t getting rid	0
i couldn`t quit laughing!! u+snl=best nite ever	1
he`s outta the ofc til Monday ::GRAND:: kinda bummed me out but b/c I was genuinely sick there`s nuthin I can do about it  -->	0
amazing	1
excited!	1
discouraged.	0
misses  so much	0
funnnn	1
sore knee	0
good	1
Lovely profile + website! Very neat... love the 'where is gary' ticker!	1
Happy	1
ys im chillin	1
lost	0
Having fries plus greentea. Mmm	1
not working	0
win!	1
amazing	1
stupid	0
Great job man!	1
i actually fare better	1
alot of fun.	1
I can`t ea	0
bummer	0
working allllllllll weekend..how thrilling..	0
tired	0
Happy Star Wars Day	1
good	1
love	1
gained	1
hate	0
really quite ****	0
but i ain`t go no money	0
shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit	0
haha drunk golf sounds *awesome*!! i predict a great score for today	1
enjoying lazying around	1
Happy Mother`s day	1
bummer	0
Stubbed	0
hahahaha	1
.congrats on graduation.	1
"lonely,D"	0
I haven`t had one for a long time. Too expensive	0
miss	0
doesnt understand twitter	0
good	1
So bad its Soo Annoying	0
#NAME?	1
Cool.	1
love	1
Thanks	1
awesome	1
Moving makes me sore.	0
stupid HIP!! I hate you!! And I can`t even break in my new kicks!!!  GRRRR!	0
"That`s not good,"	0
Feel like **** today	0
stressed	0
destroys	0
serendipity..	1
Doubtful!	0
sad	0
seems like a win win situation	1
I`m exhausted	0
thanx	1
happy	1
Happy	1
I miss him.	0
got me down.	0
Just found out one of my coworkers that I actually like is leaving.	0
I love	1
recession.	0
made me sad.	0
rescue group went and got him.	1
snuggled	1
amaze	1
soooo excited to go back to my two fav boyzzzz  puppy n BF	1
Thankful for last minute doc appointments..	1
"I hate it, but I have a serious 'clothes falling apart' situation here."	0
favorite	1
good night tw	1
stuck	0
Happy	1
Im deeply sorry	0
.  i am now sad. someone sing to me. on or off key works!	0
I hat	0
don`t feel so bad	1
l really unloved	0
wish	1
not feeling great today. boo	0
its a sad day	0
Thank you	1
Happy Mother`s day	1
finally begining to look like it!	1
****	0
"Hot ****,"	0
Wow - the dude said I was better than Bobbi Lewis.. never heard the guy - but I take that as a compliment	1
hurts..	0
"I feel bad,"	0
Sorry	0
thank you!	1
happy	1
n hahahahah	1
i hate it	0
So cold in here!  getting the chill	0
Whoops!	0
sosad	0
massive headache!	0
starting to feel really old.	0
I would love to sleep wi	1
ily babe. Sweet dreams.	1
sad.	0
Please somebody hire me?!	0
"alison is great around miley love to meet her,"	1
Mango Medley has yummy mango and mango ice cream!	1
wasn`t	0
"Fk my life,"	0
a night alone wi	0
great	1
love	1
hate	0
aw that sucks	0
still no direct message for me. what the hell am I complaining about? i`ll c ya in 27. if u don`t answer i`ll ask in 5*.	0
Found out earlier today that I`m going to be an Uncle	1
m crying	0
cutest	1
'good save'	1
killing	0
feel bad	0
Thank	1
I like them.	1
neomonia suck	0
e happy	1
best	1
great	1
good	1
amazing	1
hooray!	1
Life sucks	0
I just got twitter for my palm  <3	1
Perfect	1
bin stressd.	0
i wanna start cryin right now :/ as	0
Good Morning Every1!!! Its gorgeous out	1
NOT in the mood	0
missed the fun!	0
Quite cool lamps and the wife is impressed	1
a shame	0
Lunch sucked ran out of time  didn`t get anything done	0
Glad i played last set	1
hates th	0
im sad	0
"Nice win by the Dodgers, 8-0 over Giants"	1
Cleaning	1
.not nice	0
WHOA! Twilight the board game! AAAHAHA	1
Wishing everyone a good night	1
missing	0
youstinkatrespondingtotexts!	0
good kind of sore	1
hate	0
i have bad news... i have to go take the dog for a walk--they`re upset w/me!	0
cry	0
don`t worry  just sleep.	1
should be good.	1
. omgg im sooo gonna fail	0
good.	1
SO frustrated!!	0
hurts	0
Sad	0
Love	1
"I hate taking antibiotics,"	0
l miss	0
Wish	1
d she very graceful accepted it	1
I sure hope so!	1
Believe me I KNOW!	1
missed	0
OMG its working	1
Something like that happened to me once: We closed the side door too hard and the engine locked up	0
Looking forward to	1
wonder	0
good	1
love the stealth field suit	1
'sanctity' of our conversation has been tainted.	0
thanks	1
not really been a turnon	0
Enjoy your afternoon	1
sooo sad	0
hopefully	1
i wish	1
ugh no way	0
..it sucks	0
whoa steady there mate don`t fall down	1
I wish I was in London to see you. It`s like my biggest dream to meet you  iloveyouuu <3	1
Super Sad Face	0
fat	0
s fun	1
thanks	1
sorry	0
death cab for cutie and slouchy barets  its a good way to start the day.	1
forget	0
haven`t done much of it this weekend!	0
better.	1
wishes all you moms a happy & blessed Mother`s Day!	1
tired	0
Waikiki  Happy Birthday Mark!!!	1
great	1
just said goodbye to the younger bro.  #misshimalready	0
Yayy	1
Love you too!	1
bored.	0
i love Meadowbank shopping center	1
. Whatthefuck	0
that sucks	0
awww bless her. she made me cry	1
I am fed up with this pain !!!	0
Pissed	0
we miss you	0
love you.	1
", sorry  been out"	0
fave!	1
MY PUFFFFY IS LEAVINGGGGGGG  NOOOOOOOOO	0
hopefully	1
fair price	1
miss	0
love	1
thats so not fair	0
nice	1
you need to share the h/w love!	1
hurts	0
wrong	0
I owe you	1
lazy	0
yyyyuck!	0
I miss you!	0
annoyed	0
hates typing on a mac.	0
totally exhausted	0
cool	1
dont call me!!	0
bricked	0
wow	1
great	1
fun	1
mother is hogging the TV	0
thanks	1
all the best	1
sit there doing..  nothing	0
Awesome!	1
fun!	1
youu look so cuute !	1
happy	1
gonna be a fun  night	1
m sad	0
awsome	1
_ no idea wh	0
Happy	1
Thanks Though	1
Happy birthday for then	1
hahaha	1
good	1
I missed my favorite judge and now I can`t sleep.	0
bullied	0
you must look hard for that good thing.	1
"i`m so worn out,"	0
my eyes are crossing...	0
. Yayy	1
".  So, I don`t think our birthday date is going to happen. :`("	0
NICE	1
time to leave a passive agressive note to the owners.  It`s not the dog`s fault... it`s their **** owne	0
Kudos	1
its taking forever to upload	0
stupid	0
my twitter looks funny  someone help!	0
We ALL love you.	1
Not the perfect Fri night	0
thank you! It`s sunny outside so that`s a good start	1
like	1
die	0
GOOD	1
Wow!	1
"sadly, based on what I saw today, it`s quite problematic"	0
t so great!	1
It`s not bad  Have a great one everybody!!	1
im bored to death	0
Thanks for the follow!	1
ugh	0
stressed	0
Next to my birthday- Mother`s Day is my favorite day of the year.  The one day I don`t feel guilty for slacking just a little.   Aaaahh..	1
good	1
regretting th	0
Hope I didn`t piss off anyone	1
I`ve lost too many friends. I do feel for you all	0
Home Sweet Home by Carrie Underwood makes me sadd	0
"im really bored,"	0
priceless	1
#NAME?	0
t I`ve loved it...	1
haven`t had a good	0
wishes a Happy Mother`s Day to all mothers!	1
bad..	0
"#liesboystell Your the only one, I love (they really have several women)"	0
good	1
nerd	0
error	0
good	1
so expensive.	0
is working hard or maybe thats hardly working	0
I was being serious.	0
! I`m totally bored!	0
this sux bu	0
afraid	0
no longer	0
"awe! i miss him so much. they`re on 'vacation'. which has lasted for like, six months. and i miss you!"	0
missed the #coffeeclub that day	0
"sick,"	0
shitt	0
bad	0
it was way worse than that	0
tough	0
nd.  nyt life sux	0
". great stuff  AND Florence and The Machine. Great, great music"	1
Good	1
goods night	1
"i lost my nintendogs, it`s very upsetting."	0
Great start to the weekend.	1
doesn`t feel	0
amazing!	1
It is interesting that VS2003 generates a setup script for uninstall.	1
Yes man was good	1
hope i get my newww cd with the funky reel music	0
Loves her david soooooo much	1
No worries - thank google!	1
Good	1
i don`t have any excuse other than night shifts! we got our orphan lambs from a local farmer so we cheated	0
cried	0
boring!	0
doesnt work	0
great photo!	1
e worst	0
going to bed. good night everyone! i love you all (or should i say good morning?)  sweet dreams	1
curious:	1
but no luck	0
i totally owe you	1
Worried	0
h sucks	0
Can`t believe	0
freaked	0
This is not good	0
love	1
is envious of people no	0
amazing	1
thats a good movie	1
love	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
..Goodnight Tweets.	1
i really like	1
i`m fine thanks	1
I second this !!	1
X is nice just cuz it`s a new car- handles nice but doesn`t have the horses of the TL-S	1
hope	1
"I`m suffering from the Internet that works bad, only sites hosted on russian servers are available for me"	0
very very nervous  bah	0
goodluck	1
I`m stuck in the plane on the tarmac (again) at LAX.	0
like	1
Good Monday morning to	1
now i have a headache	0
is crying..because the school years over  i wont get to see my teachers!  i wont get to see johnathan.......	0
I aim to please.	1
nice.	1
y nice	1
good luck with you finals!!!	1
thanks!	1
"Yeah, it`s good!"	1
I Love the lady from the Progressive commercials she`s so funny	1
not eating lunch with my wife like I wanted to	0
Good Morning/	1
Happy	1
failed	0
Mortified.	0
nd thank	1
now I feel sick.	0
hope	1
makes me feel down..	0
Now that sucks.	0
Looks like I got a new job	1
still not waking up	0
bt i was too late	0
trying to fix my internet connection...guess my `prayers` have been answered and i wont have any study distractions  ugh	1
have a good night twitts.	1
Missing NY	0
May the forth be with you .....	1
i am sad.	0
fickleness	0
feeling shattered	0
sad	0
"All you moms, get ready to enjoy your much-deserved special day!"	1
that doesn`t help u now	0
accidentally	0
stupid..	0
e thrilled	1
fav	1
t cancelled	0
mad	0
cool!	1
cool.	1
s awesomee	1
losers aren`t we	0
I wish	1
thanks	1
good	1
not that bad of a day.	1
I wish	1
I don`t think my friends like me anymore  (via #zenjar )	0
headache	0
Congratulations	1
sowy	0
hurt..	0
lol that`s great  For you.	1
isn`t working..	0
emotionally exhausted	0
success	1
iHate DirecTV	0
happy	1
Shame ab	0
you look fantastic as always!	1
it has just hit me	0
Thanks	1
im twitter-challenged.	0
ace	1
really good interview	1
SAD	0
coolest	1
Can`t believe those idiots buzzed out the juggler.	0
'unusual activity??'	0
miss	0
fond	1
Good	1
lost	0
denied	0
too ba	0
disease	0
i think no!	0
enjoy	1
great day	1
. Love it.	1
goodbyeeee	0
LOVES	1
Rey Mysterio is so awesome	1
Loving it	1
Good nite twit-fam!.. God bless!..	1
hope	1
inlove	1
love	1
nice	1
! sorry	0
i`m so sad.	0
I love it!!!	1
Ohhhh! Ok!	1
saving	1
good hobby	1
", hope"	1
I always appreciate	1
Thanks	1
like	1
Hope you`ll be able to join us for future editions	1
So exhausted..can`t sleep.	0
#NAME?	0
appreciate	1
Not feeling comfortable	0
Thanks	1
a I miss	0
That felt really good.	1
Fail.	0
"thank you, god bless im going to eaat my in in out"	1
I miss you too!	0
I`m lacking in Friday feeling cos more of my trousers won`t go on  Thunder thighs!	0
"cool,"	1
love	1
i love BOTH your hairsss	1
Thank you!  Tomorrow is my b-day too! I tease my Mom and tell her I was her Mother`s Day gift.	1
You suck	0
thanks	1
"Goodnight. Actually, great night."	1
slippy floor	0
yay!	1
nice	1
cute	1
hates continually getting sick	0
OMG No fair	0
I`m feeling so frustrated..	0
crushed..	0
oh haha thanks again!	1
I hate driving	0
Have a nice day all! Talk later I hope	1
Thanks	1
ill	0
I wish	1
bad	0
"bank holiday Mondays rock, particularly when they follow the kind of Sunday I just had"	1
enjoying	1
annoying	0
nothing worse	0
Good thing	1
Thanks	1
good	1
nice!	1
My dad is taking me to school & picking me up tomoz. Plus I have drama almost all day. Score bludge day	0
"Brilliant day today,"	1
couldn`t find	0
excited.	1
Sorry	0
kinda turns me off	0
quite good	1
awww.	0
"Truth is better served, not by transparency --  but by the opaqueness of private `Vote`"	1
I didn`t like	0
Shame	0
injured	0
some great stuff	1
active!	1
"Still unbelievably shocked about the firing of THE best radio personality,"	0
seems so appropriate	1
i really don`t like getting to other businesses	0
omg he is cute	1
Thankyou	1
& I can`t afford to buy here anything	0
Too useless	0
bad times.	0
"I love the start to a fresh new week, `tis when I am motivated most"	1
that`s cool.	1
Thanks lady!!	1
greeeeeat!	1
great	1
nice	1
Sometimes people never learn to shut up and stop talking ****	0
Finally!	1
im sad	0
Have a fantastic opening	1
oh wait wrong state	0
.  bummer. ne	0
depressed	0
miss	0
You don`t reply to none of your fans ... I don`t know what trust	0
Rude.	0
I miss	0
ooops!	0
That sucks!	0
you hate me	0
Why did i fail english	0
hard to be a mom on	0
Had a nice dinner with mom!	1
nervous	0
Love it...	1
bad	0
good	1
nice	1
`m smilin	1
Heaven!	1
thank	1
is always grand	1
love	1
i`d probably be peed off	0
love your new profile pic	1
miss u more	0
!i actually almost cried.	0
**** ruin	0
you don`t love me anymore!	0
picnic	1
so **** hot!	0
Had interesting WKND.	1
headache	0
slept too less..	0
is watching the final episode of E.R  Goon SuBo 2 win Britians Got Talent	1
I hate	0
Cool show	1
Thanks	1
.enjoy	1
awesome	1
missing  on his birthday	0
"AWESOME, I want slush puppy though!"	1
Enjoy!!	1
Nice.	1
good morning!	1
#fail	0
great	1
Goooooodmoring	1
I so miss the gym	0
because i do	1
i feel so empty	0
good luck	1
Great	1
"moan,whinge,moan"	0
lorraine kelly is a sexy mama!	1
wish	1
I can`t freakin sleep	0
sighs.	0
fun	1
glad	1
Tis the best	1
i feel like watching a disney movie...too bad we dont have a vcr anymore	0
"Sadly, many people in the quilt pics are now laid off."	0
thankyou	1
had an awesome day	1
squirted	0
Ive buggered up my mobile  ack.	0
they had no **** license.	0
Great meeting you!	1
someone who will help you move.	1
aww  you are too kind!! Hi sweetie! Are you guys out partying without me   I`m the only person who came to work 2nite lo	1
Thanks!	1
she laughed in my face	0
liesboystell	0
I am so hungry..	0
Omigoodness	1
goodmorning !	1
I don`t like it.	0
i hate electronics	0
amazing!.	1
Nice skillz	1
like	1
better	1
lost	0
whoa!	1
My student just walked in balling.  She just witnessed her dog getting hit on the street.	0
I miss Tunnocks pies	0
"sorry,"	0
wishing	1
lost	0
fun.	1
great	1
That`s just not right.	0
boring	0
.i was kinda feeling ignored	0
loved	1
freaky  hyper	0
looking forward	1
Not to thrilled	0
happy - not	0
"is upset,"	0
I have nothing to dye.	0
real stressed	0
awh	1
Ba-dum-tish!  You win	1
Stupid competition stuff	0
disappointed	0
Eek.	0
stole him	0
Yay	1
some pervert just ruined it	0
miss you to lovely!!	1
The world is full if spineless ****. This makes me sad	0
hate	0
"Fortunately,"	1
kill	0
Can`t sleep	0
too much good food	1
I think i`m falling in love with you!!  **** #iloveyou	1
failed	0
lovely Mo	1
Jesse lacey why do you hate me?	0
awesome!	1
I love you I thank you by MC Mong.	1
July will be utterly amazing!	1
busy	0
Head is throbbing from lack of sleep	0
I`m really missing my favorite sisters!	0
they rock!	1
Defo can`t wait we will have a nice afternoon and some music	1
i feel extremely depressed right now.	0
i love his nose kisses	1
Not good news	0
",    Pride and Prejudice & Emma are gr"	1
you can do it	1
whoops	0
we`d miss you	0
Sleep is not coming easy. Sleeping pills. Need them. Maybe this is why my mind is soo wild lately. No sleep=craziness. Proven fact!	0
"sorry,"	0
Sweat is just not cute.	0
. Boooo	0
Figured out	1
may not be convenient	0
headache	0
"Same here, having a nice, quiet Sunday"	1
I hate	0
missed	0
that`s why we get on so well	1
love	1
happy mothers day!	1
awesome	1
hope	1
this is not a good season	0
is **** BOO?	0
A gift to myself.	1
much easier	1
also just spoke to my <3.	1
glad	1
sorry.	0
"I love old school horror movies more,"	1
good	1
perfect	1
Nice	1
hurting	0
goodnight	1
thaanks!	1
happy	1
good	1
own 2nit but i cant go.	0
rocks	1
****	0
e wonderful	1
"Im free at last,"	1
"im good thanks,"	1
bored..	0
"thanks clair,"	1
arent fun	0
.unfortunately	0
upset	0
i feel proud.	1
"thanks,"	1
good	1
"a lil funny at first to do so,"	1
awesome!	1
bummed	0
hit by a meteor	0
take care	1
beautiful Saturday	1
"exhausted,"	0
"sorry again,"	0
doesn`t love me no more	0
favorite	1
"failed,"	0
I swear its so hot I dont want to leave my house	0
thanks!	1
awesomest	1
". nicely done,"	1
wish	1
pilot to co-pilot baby we burnin` up   /i cannot stress how much this line works.	0
slow.	0
I think they have their eyes on my bunny rabbit	0
hope all is ok	1
fun times.	1
still a bit of a warning signal in my head	0
s better	1
AHhh FCUKKK...i missed out AGAIN	0
sorry.	0
john mayer is freaking cool.	1
lovely day	1
I`m so sad!	0
"Thanks,"	1
its bleeding  owwiee	0
"just nothing perfect in life, darn it!"	0
POOOOOOOOR SHEEEEP!!!	0
welcome.	1
Thanks for the follow man	1
hope	1
Good luck to everyone	1
glad	1
happily	1
are worth	1
"soo bored,"	0
I`ll hit you up.	0
a huge fan	1
they love my style of writing for HP.	1
Too bad	0
it`s the hardest job eva	0
thats good	1
like	1
stupid holiday !	0
"a surprisingly good day,"	1
hilarious..	1
Hope everyone`s having a great Monday	1
. ugh	0
\you are soo smart	1
missing	0
.. no luck	0
good luck	1
recharge	1
w i can`t do anything over the weekend	0
I freaking love	1
Bus stuck in traffic; gonna be late	0
you have an amazing voice	1
i hate rain and people.	0
headache	0
"We givers make takers possible, but we get no appreciation for what we do--we just get taken."	0
Good	1
i cant believe i am having difficulties with twitter!	0
Ugh	0
good	1
i don`t even like	0
arrgghhhggguuuiiissshhhh no idea	0
thats so good that u like 2 play games most females dont like too	1
Ready to crash!...had a great day and a FUN night! I couldn`t ask for anything more  Night!	1
?Happy	1
Awe i feel so left out	0
hitting	0
best	1
e no good	0
Its great to se	1
she enjoyed it	1
Sooo much work so little time	0
I fell in love with coupons!	1
had the best mother`s day!	1
"oh dear. (I`m sorry, but i laughed"	0
oooh really haha have they said anything about it yet!? i`ll suggest the idea on twitter if you want/havent already	1
If you don`t want to come then don`t come. JEEEEEZ.	0
concert next week cancelled	0
is looking forward to	1
my film didn`t come out  the camera was broken	0
u didn`t find any other guys hot	0
Feeling sick at stomach today	0
Enjoy	1
fun	1
e great	1
I`m messed up	0
good moring	1
happy	1
i LOVE your hat! so cool. that looks like it was a fun day.  and i love that you used the word 'crikey' just now!!	1
thank	1
bad.	0
Happy	1
Not even half as good	0
****	0
win.	1
e  Have some fun with it!	1
no one will accompany her	0
)    Hope you have a great ti	1
fun	1
nice	1
RAIN!!!!!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH! i`m gonna melt. **** it`s cold. freakin cold.  brrrrrr	0
I wish I knew..	1
we`re awesome	1
thank God	1
luvd	1
Thanks	1
I`m still up! Thank you all for praying (: AHAHAHA! I`m watching Britney: For the Record until school. Today should be a good day	1
Bummer..	0
"sweet,"	1
Have u ever heard of school and horrible mums	0
were not as good as the Brazillians	0
lost	0
Of all the trees in the garden I munch in disappointment on that one.	0
re-injured at RAW on Monday. He`s got s serious muscle issue in his back and a broken wrist.	0
Feeling bad th	0
ly bette	1
beautiful	1
does not look go	0
forgot	0
Not so cool	0
corrupted	0
worst.	0
love	1
Happy	1
shouts out	0
(Spilled	0
re GORGEOU	1
stupid only rogers	0
Blah.	0
bad	0
The puppy is sick	0
Dang	0
"t, Cute AND Predictable"	1
no0o0o0o!	0
relaxin..	1
YUM!!!	1
fine	1
That just means you were not trying hard enought	0
e weird	0
I am spilling everything	0
lame	0
"Good job, team!"	1
Depressing	0
"yeah, its super **** today   Stupid writing!"	0
should be going to bed but cannot sleep right now.	0
can`t wait for her to be a mommy	1
good luck	1
tvs not working	0
FORCED	0
feel sorry	0
argh!	0
Happy Birthday husband	1
gutted	0
greater	1
i hit cash and just took the tax out of my tips.	0
I wish I could go	1
haha i wish	1
f  woop	1
awesomeness	1
y sad	0
HAPPY	1
but I have to	0
"Oops,"	0
fight	0
beautiful	1
i think  missed me tooo	0
baddd	0
is wondering	0
congrats	1
impostor	0
shucks	0
Had an awesome lunch wi	1
I need them  It would`ve made my picture so much cooler	1
really hard to give up my chocolate	0
good!	1
I`m going to miss NY	0
love	1
missed	0
"Truly, our politicians have no integrity."	0
don`t think i`ll ever be the same again	0
". That song is EPIC,"	1
ugh. I totally can`t sleep.	0
Home Sweet home <3	1
scrap.	0
nice	1
whahahah thank you	1
If I 'unfollowed' you - its NOT on purpose. Something fishy is going on with my Tweet Deck !! Let me know if I 'unfollowed' you.	0
headache	0
it was great	1
Good	1
Ugh	0
...indian style  scrabbled are the best!	1
awww. i wish i had a younger sis ):	0
Unfortunately	0
MORE convenient.	1
i miss	0
shweeeeet!	1
"bad idea,"	0
Because I`m just good like that	1
so classy.	1
love	1
thats the crazy part	0
wish	1
'Thick as pig ****	0
I`m taking a million songs from your blip.fm station thing. Sorry	0
wtf	0
is chillin`	1
ignoring	0
forgot	0
Its gonna be fun	1
Sorry	0
NOT wanting	0
It`s a nice day	1
"****, I cut my finger!"	0
Friday night has gone too quickly   My bottle`s gone for tomorrow.. come on Everton	1
Happy Mothers Day!	1
smart	1
brilliant	1
bad	0
Luv	1
I HATE CONAN O`BRIAN	0
wrong	0
just came bak from dancing with my NEEWWWW cd  haha im dancing again	1
took an hour to get rid!!	0
good	1
happy	1
I no longer have a ticket for ny	0
blessed	1
o sad	0
ng lov	1
U r welcome pal  u truly deserve 2 be followed	1
Easier over phone.	1
my mom said im the worst driver EVER..	0
Good to know	1
Enjoy the rest of the night	1
is feeling so bored..	0
NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!	0
PHEW!	0
I know it`s so stupid !!!!!!!	0
the worst bit for highlight for soprano guy	0
EXCELLENT	1
love	1
Problem	0
"Headache is gone,thank god!Time for tea i think"	1
"little treasures,"	1
s crying	0
heartless	0
cant wait to see family	1
Having fun	1
sucks	0
Happy	1
Happy Mothers` Day to all the mamas!  ilovemymommy! <3	1
one dark side of me	0
i cant wait to see you guys @ hq on sunday!!	1
i luv it!	1
I wish the photos on your site were bigger	0
miss	0
Is wondering why my messages aren`t going anywhere ;( I am trying to learn how to tweet & it isn`t turning out so hot	0
that`s cool! i think del`s going to korea same time as you! have fun!	1
t sux	0
cheap and good system	1
makes me sad	0
love	1
suck	0
o proud	1
fail.	0
geek!	0
Great!	1
Love	1
can u believe the architect who planned a tar-black promenade in this small town won an international prize?an	1
cute	1
Twitter`s being mean w/ the pics lately! Stole mine for an entire day!	0
languishing	1
bad	0
finally out. I	1
"I swear, now my dog is having anxiety issues."	0
Good	1
Beautiful monday morning  so happy	1
cool that you liked germany	1
love	1
they won`t let me go	0
sad	0
so so so wanted to.	1
tummy ache.	0
nice bo	1
haha!!	1
Having one of my bad days..	0
hair is bad today.' Life isn`t worth living anymore   Nothing hurts quite like hair insults. *cries into pill	0
delicious	1
serious problems	0
thanks	1
e missing	0
I so wish it would be you instead!	1
sorry	0
There has been too much of it	0
welcome!	1
It`s not working.	0
suuuuck!	0
thank you very much!	1
cambs will be better im sure!	1
I stayed until the very very end  Exciting!	1
m cool	1
"Happy Mother`s day to allMothers, Cheers!!"	1
Bad day!	0
hilarious.	1
"s sound great, I`d love to go"	1
glad	1
.it was a pleasure shopping with you.	1
broken.	0
Oh no	0
love watching your yt videos and am really looking forward to seeing the collection vid	1
happpppy mothers day	1
is tired if ppl **** talking	0
I love	1
hurts	0
Sounds Fun!	1
cute	1
had fun	1
liar.	0
cute	1
Sunburn on my knees	0
I love you  kiss me!	1
.nt too exciting im afraid!	0
Happy	1
Looking	1
hope	1
"Yeah, that lying in bed thing`s a bugger for blocking creativity  Worse if you`re pinned down by a pet cat, apparently..."	0
thanks	1
but was in hosp	0
stick with this fever.	0
o worth	1
l Hope	1
hoping	1
"c I`m excited,"	1
"Yay, money!"	1
"Oh man,"	0
I`m tired and hungry.	0
great	1
You`re welcome	1
.I`m sure I forgot people though.	0
more talented	1
I`m bored.	0
`m #frustrade	0
Loves Miley`s song The Climb and loves the video  ****	1
Cool.	1
care	1
but still gonna be sick	0
it was a great wedding!	1
booted	0
s sucks	0
amazing	1
"tired,"	0
enjoyed	1
youtube is being stupid. and i REALLY want a popsicle!!! jealous of Sara	0
"pretty at least,"	1
terrible	0
omg I`m so sorry to hear that!	0
e best	1
still feeling poorly are you	0
Thank you so much	1
ache	0
d uglier	0
not feeling very well	0
fun	1
Neat	1
hannahisdead:	0
sad	0
Irony: Inventor of Ford Mustang can`t keep his car	0
we love	1
Thank you!	1
I do NOT. I RARELY dye it at all.  the red was the first in aaaagggessss. My hair just hates me.	0
Missing	0
sick	0
Great	1
toothache	0
apologised	0
failed	0
collapses!	0
They don`t let the queer boys donate blood.	0
Morning Tweethearts! Now home after traveling 302 mi.thru 2 states & 2 faires in 3 days. So inspired! Ready to write as I enjoy coffee.	1
annoying.	0
hard!	0
i wish i could meet you once  do u think this will happen someday? :`(	0
"felt like i was gonna pee myself,"	0
i HATE U.S	0
o exciting	1
Thanks	1
Happy	1
u?  hope you`re wel	1
"Holy **** it`s super sunny,"	0
frustrated	0
wish i was outside	0
Hate Racism gig this weekend   I`m not in the right part of the world even	0
going to be dragged out	0
great	1
Hoping	1
sad	0
... sad but true.	0
d fun	1
s. Glad	1
good	1
awesome.	1
miss	0
died	0
"Thanks,"	1
Thank	1
fun	1
stupid	0
It`s been interesting today... to say the least. Overall a good day	1
foad	0
m so grateful for ur music	1
is not doing well	0
I love your show!	1
he bes	1
Ahhhh \you are soo smart	1
Yay	1
too fun	1
good.	1
yay!	1
why won`t the kids sleep	0
not having time to tweet.!	0
cry	0
stop making fun	0
good luck	1
my bad.	0
o awesome	1
cool	1
sucks.	0
FML still awake  melatonin not working!	0
Dang	0
i heat	0
too late	0
I sorry!!	0
hard	0
meh!	0
confused	0
lol	1
sticky	0
i like it	1
okay the new jonas episode was awesome	1
Good	1
I feel like crying!	0
is traumatized and saddened by the 2 baby squirells she just found on abandoned on the sidewalk.	0
****.	0
sad.	0
Love	1
bad.	0
woot	1
I`m gettin ready for my trip back to MA...  I don`t wanna leave!	0
really smart	1
I tried	0
not time for us girls	0
I hate exam time.	0
fine	1
I love my job	1
"funny,"	1
good	1
"Wicked,"	0
awesome.	1
hilarious	1
avoid	0
"well,u`re lucky"	1
"cute,"	1
wtf.	0
great	1
Stuck here till 11	0
the challenge prooved too be tough!!	0
ugh!	0
good	1
sorry to disappoint.	0
I am so jelz.	0
bored	0
s fine	1
Fantastic	1
Wish I had ti	1
Awesome	1
Thanks	1
i remote dead.. no multiplayer here tonight	0
I love	1
****	0
pissed off  night	0
expecting noting but amazing	1
headache	0
Thx	1
Love your desserts.	1
I love my big brother very much.	1
oh when will #gfail end? been on HTML version all day	0
Chicken beer and good company makes a good night...	1
bored	0
handsome	1
just got back from six flags  wicked fun. even tho i almost died!	0
likes the reports fr	1
a huge favor of love.	1
#NAME?	0
good	1
it just won`t be the same! Travel safely ...we`ll see you tomorrow!	1
fun	1
Thats nice.	1
"I wish she knew what she puts me through..She stole my heart, never gave it back..and occasionally she likes to be like look what I have!"	1
Good!	1
sad	0
bored!	0
not much fun	0
awesome	1
t hopefully	1
Im gonna miss you so much	0
"four shots of novacaine in my mouth  my right cheek is totally numb, booo."	0
Hope you **** have fun	1
love	1
".There is another one which takes the piss of arabs,"	0
thanks love ) btw happy mother`s day to your mom	1
HAHA  Thanks	1
Happy	1
hopefully	1
hard	0
goodnight	1
. He looks nice today thoughh.	1
Im trying to move and get up but it just hurts to much...	0
its magic	1
Goodnight!	1
banged	0
I hate having headrush	0
thanks	1
angry	0
I think my phone has officially bit the dust.	0
"weird,"	0
"s, poor little guy"	0
SON! WTF?? She just bit holes in the **** bread!!! Who does that?? Why has God forsaken me?? why?	0
love	1
talented	1
loving	1
is a failure	0
Not feeling too good	0
wrong	0
****	0
Stupid telecom	0
. I still can`t believe they won`t renew TSCC	0
sad	0
"Thanks Anita,"	1
d & I love	1
Killed	0
lost	0
forced to	0
so weird	0
s always good	1
sad	0
nd was in the hospital	0
Goodnit	1
dont be gloomy.	1
wish	1
love	1
have a gud day	1
Happy Star Wars Day	1
Happy	1
I owe you	1
ave the sweetest children.  You are obviously a great mom. I loved reading your blog w/ their msgs to you.  Kudo	1
I LOVE	1
It`s fun	1
Gonna miss the girlys soo super loads! Wish I wasn`t going for 3 weeks! It`s wayy to long	0
SORRY	0
now im all blistered. it sucks balls..	0
d crying	0
won	1
****!	0
she is all that matters	1
wish	1
I seriously don`t know ho	0
love	1
Amazing!	1
interesting.	1
selling my drumset  sad day	0
They frighten me to death...	0
x  Hope you get better soon!	1
had a great time tonight..**** was crazy	1
I hope you get well soon! <3	1
crying	0
is soooo hungry right now! Why is it not lunch time!	0
Good	1
bad.	0
#shortcakefai	0
Thanks for sharing it.	1
I was stuck in doors all day	0
sadd	0
i hate that this keeps happening	0
thanks to the forever 21 curse	0
- haha cute and beautiful  U R cool Miley	1
cheer	1
uh oh	0
I`m annoying myself	0
cool kids do	1
to piss them off	0
it`s even hot	0
is Hilarious!	1
thanks	1
Can I get some gd news for gods sake	0
IDIOTS!	0
I love	1
good to hear	1
missed	0
sucks	0
Hope	1
Sorry	0
I love my Mom.	1
. Looking forward	1
broke	0
goodnight	1
sensors don`t seem	0
can`t believe i wasn`t following you!	0
You guys made Mother`s Day really awesome today! Thanks for coming in early to prep the surprise gifts for all our moms!!	1
happy mother`s day to all mothers out there!!	1
impossible	0
t beautiful	1
amazing	1
tired	0
thanks _benson	1
miss	0
tired	0
Happy	1
ard earn money dissapear.	0
asthma is paying for it.	0
I`m so tired.	0
miss	0
hat	0
Thanking god	1
w  I wish	1
I think I lost all of my blog posts	0
****	0
had a great time	1
upset	0
Ouch!! Burnt my arm	0
good stuff!	1
Still stupidly sick...cancelled our Philly trip. Sad day	0
happy	1
damage done...a	0
Can barely walk.	0
so sad	0
sad	0
Very interested.	1
thx!	1
thanks	1
d - all these girls seem to be at a los	0
not being impressed	0
I hate dreaming	0
**** break th	0
nd I`m alone	0
which sucked the fun out of everything so...	0
"You are welcome, xuxu"	1
fun	1
thx for the tip.	1
so upset	0
LMAO! I don`t fake being Paris anymore. Look at my bio ;) and by the way I can`t log onto your forum.	0
fun	1
! my hair is f`in fried!	0
t gutted	0
a high probability of it being `****` ra	0
it`s such a lovely day!	1
Don`t be mad at me.  Please? ::puppy dog eyes::	0
Happy Mother`s day !!!! Show some love to your Beautiful and Amazing Mom!!	1
Those houses were a bust. House 1 smelled like a bowling alley and was maaad gross and house 2 needed a new roof and basement	0
Its so pr	1
s LOST	0
stuck	0
goodies  lol	1
happy days	1
i love electro house	1
wtf kinda best friend am I? I *still* haven`t met the hubby. That depresses me	0
s so ugly	0
=/ LOL.	1
sadly	0
perfect holiday!	1
UGH! thiss sucks.	0
ugh	0
they look nice	1
Yum	1
re still NO Shows	0
boring	0
e mean	0
it hurts REAL BAD	1
nice.	1
"Yay! Congratulations, oh newly minted graduate. You`ll have to let me buy you lunch and iced chocolates (PLURAL) to celebrate!"	1
happy mothers day!!	1
This porridge tastes ****!	0
Hope she`s okay!	1
ENJOY	1
so relaxing	1
i have asthma	0
tough decision	0
Miss you my dear	0
I`m not giving up	1
Complicated with a dream	0
Thanks! and to you as well!	1
y the nicest things	1
hurts.	0
"thanks ALOT,"	1
i agree	1
feels great	1
fantastic	1
cheers	1
hurts	0
Radio is dead.	0
Good birthday/ christmas/ I just want to buy you something gift!	1
has a really really itchy eye	0
Maybe that`s why I`m stuck in situations	0
have no idea	0
i`m really tired today!!	0
Glad everything is okay.	1
eww	0
just made my day:	1
a want to smack	0
Too bad	0
fed up of pain now	0
deserve	1
bored	0
happiest	1
**** AMAZING	1
I`m so sorry!  I saw it too and it shocked me to the core.	0
not fair	0
good	1
It`s hella itchy!	0
burnt  sorry	0
we had a blast	1
sad day*L	0
jealous.	0
Didn`t realize Animal Kingdom closes so early at 5:00 today. Now I`m stick in the exit traffic	0
does not like	0
s funny	1
Hope you have a blessed Day!	1
. That`s sad.	0
accident	0
sad	0
**** truth	1
It`ll be awesome.	1
s!!  I just looooove	1
Thank you so much	1
wants to go home	1
"Ppl who smoke pot, are so f . . .n stupid. An instant turn off."	0
i miss your dance friends too.	0
Gudluck	1
I`m missing one of my diamond earrings. This makes me sad.	0
welcome.	1
Hope you`re having a great morning	1
bad idea	0
sorry didn`t get to see you	0
"Maybe if we pass a lay making the #swineflu illegal, law abiding citizens won`t get it"	0
Thanks	1
"our pitching has been lackluster,"	0
Misconstrued	0
don`t deserve to read	0
Happy Birthday!	1
Loving my boys	1
nice	1
warning	0
n amazing	1
Boring!	0
time to celebrate an	1
"it was an amazingly cool movie,"	1
good work	1
The pretty flowers john mains brought the ladies 2nite!	1
worst	0
disappointing	0
****.	0
hope	1
"it`s a little late but congratulations, leah  happy mothers day!"	1
do  life is not good:`( no more Exit in this hallway I`m stuck in my world...	0
bad.	0
MISS	0
Awesome.	1
UPSET	0
"wonderful,"	1
oh that`s cool   Thanks!	1
thaank	1
miss	0
What is better than a day off with Stevie-J?	1
pleasure	1
star trek was grtsat bggeting drunk now	1
luck	1
dark berry mocha frapp.. heaven.. TRY IT EVERYONE!!  here.. let me pass it to you	1
bad	0
loved you	1
UBER SICK MIX	0
saddest mo	0
Thank You!!	1
didn`t like my	0
miss chatting with you	0
miss	0
I`m sorry	0
I miss	0
Was intentionally not mentioning	0
Thanks for the hug	1
nooo!! not too busy for you! EVER! SRSLY!	1
lied.	0
missed	0
) cute Mother`s day strip!	1
fun times	1
sorry	0
lovely	1
Why does flickr no longer recognize my e-mail addresses.	0
"isnt convinced,"	0
Have fun	1
good	1
shes fussy	0
Goodnight	1
good	1
happy	1
e lovely	1
lets hope	1
"Shipwrecked all weekend  license wasn`t suspended, it got cancelled. Can`t take the risk driving and no one lives near me"	0
awesome	1
blessed day!!!	1
wow	1
excited	1
You lucky girl.	1
excited	1
Goodnight Beautiful world  sweet dreams. olive juice!	1
sounds good!	1
. Phone issues	0
What a let down!	0
nd weir	0
"wish u could go with me someday u,u LOOVE YA"	1
hate	0
Cool	1
"ahahaha, that happens to me all the time.  poor Angela!"	0
Wow this is great.	1
Sorry	0
****!	0
"I will take lots of pics! it is really pretty there, lots of palm trees."	1
compliments	1
r good	1
i loved that car in high school	1
but no one will go with me.	0
"There go my big plans... thanks, tonsils."	0
"appreciated!  yeah, it sure is a challenge and a great reward."	1
awesome	1
unplugging for the rest of the day.  Have a good one everybody!!	1
aww happy mother`s day	1
HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY TO ALL OUR MOMS!	1
****	0
Happy	1
odd i tried to call mitchel musso but it dosent work....	0
fun	1
awesome.	1
Happy	1
fun	1
sad	0
"amazzzing,"	1
sucks.	0
wish	1
nd goo	1
There are bugs attacking my laptop	0
sunny	0
i hope	1
sry	0
Happy Mom`s Daaay!	1
silly	0
Mad	0
full of energy	1
I don`t want to go home.	0
Happy Mother`s Day	1
IM MAD IT WASNT SCAREY	0
i wis	1
"! heheee hope you get some decently priced breakfast real quick, David"	1
"I am tired tired tired, I think Im getting sick."	0
honestly	1
problems	0
had a kickass day	1
I think I juz missed my last bus	0
Thanks	1
My head hurts because that air freshner is the most horriblel scent ever.. Im super grossed out!!	0
never got through	0
daaammmnnnnn I do wish I was there.	0
Hope he had fun	1
HAPPY	1
happy	1
"Efteling was great, had a nice time with family, had dinner.."	1
thank you  make sure u read the groups description to better understand this project	1
at the beginning of what may be the worst recession	0
happy be	1
Thanks!	1
Happy mother`s day !!!!	1
"wow,"	1
"don`t frown my lil aussie, I still love you! *muah*"	1
hate	0
really want to see	1
hates the net.	0
stuck	0
Hope you have a better weekend then.	1
wants to welcome	1
Itchy	0
Thanks	1
congrats	1
They`re for my mama  I always bake late and get worried that the mixer is gonna bother people.	0
Good	1
"WOMAN, I didn`t know you came home  you so suck!!! When are you going back!"	0
Thanks	1
awesome!!	1
it`s really hard!	0
robbed	0
miss	0
I love you mommy	1
t i still miss my satan	0
Yayyyyyyy	1
Hope you don`t get let down again.	1
"They are having a hard time,"	0
.I thought I was funny	0
thanks for viewing	1
not happy	0
funny n almost right	1
delicious	1
love	1
"awesome,"	1
when u gonna come show minnesota some love though hun?!	1
borin`.	0
Monday doesn`t bother me.	1
love	1
sucks	0
haha	1
im ill hate it.	0
theres a really cute cut out	1
h guilt	0
HOPE.	1
hurts	0
Yao is out for the rest of the season! NOOO!..staying home on a Saturday night...SHOCK....got my phone fixed	0
"Awww, that`s nice."	1
I love them.	1
hurtin	0
Hope you had a great time	1
d loads STILL using snail mail.	0
I would sleep good!  ...RICE!!! Lmao!	1
haaaate	0
so bored..	0
sorry	0
i feel unloved	0
i feel like ****	0
Everything is cool now. I wish the boy was able to talk.	1
. Thank you	1
Dancing was alright to	1
he fun	1
#DuckRaces in the bath don`t quite work  Especially if you have no ducks!	0
so clumsy lately?	0
so sad! i miss my babies!!!	0
legs are a still hurting a little!	0
good time	1
my body decided it wanted to be sick	0
good friends	1
free da	1
not fair	0
Too many boys are lacking those!	0
fun	1
you are right	1
l very special	1
as grea	1
"a great song,"	1
? I`m so sorry  I hate those kinda times.	0
I`m bummed	0
I nvr wanted May to come to an end	1
so lucky to have such a gorgeous wife	1
everybody is sick	0
I`m sorry.	0
Brand New bo	1
You`ll be miss	0
happy.	1
not looking forward	0
"stupid,"	0
upset	0
believe	1
"good morning everyone! Once again, a happy mother`s day to all the mothers out there!  I hope you all"	1
cool.	1
So annoyed I missed Mitch Benn	0
", i`m really gonna mess this uuuup"	0
AHHH!	0
thanks	1
what Brody how dare u	0
selfishness	0
Not fun.	0
Norwood house party haaaaaa... Yaaaaaaay (smiles)	1
Just hope my ceramic crown doesn`t shatter some time later	1
Happy	1
makes sense	1
ave	1
Happy anniversary to you	1
devastated	0
love	1
neat	1
thank you	1
enjoying	1
as clea	1
excited	1
Love	1
Lame.	0
hopefully	1
Thanx 4 da messages	1
My heart aches for her children	0
y typical	0
rofl!	1
thanks	1
goooooood	1
so funny	1
o good	1
"love,c"	1
thanks	1
t better	1
feet are really hurting now thought  ****	0
Wish	1
o beautiful	1
sucks for you	0
rubbish.	0
nice	1
sick..	0
nice	1
haha this tripped me up once when I was talking to Harvard - I read it as an aussie automatically - came off as an idiot	0
thanks!	1
too difficult on the upkeep.	0
hopefully	1
disappointed	0
great show	1
thank	1
enjoy	1
cramping	0
sorry	0
"i`m relying on my mobile, which lacks reception. Trying to help, but just looking silly"	0
sad	0
darn.	0
I don`t think the neti pot is working	0
broken	0
lonely	0
realy can`t sleep	0
bad	0
"i actually really liked Merlin last night. some parts were a bit eh, but the part where that chick was singing was like whoa."	1
Had a nice pre mother`s day dinner out.	1
happy.	1
barely	0
sad.	0
top	1
good	1
t doesn`t make sense.	0
Got a deadline to meet!!!	0
the best lol	1
missed	0
I`m kinda pissed	0
i thought you would win!	0
. Thanks for saving me the money	1
it`s kind of hard	0
! looks yummy	1
goodb	1
thanks.	1
pretty satisfied thank you very much	1
", are a true fan"	1
sick	0
You burned yourself too??? So did ! ohh no...  xoxo	0
wrong	0
garbage.	0
"aaahhh, showers are great"	1
Very sa	0
They better not be out	0
man i **** up	0
is missing someone..	0
Can`t seem to sleep	0
great	1
Awesome	1
summers can be fun	1
Lmfao	1
I miss them..	0
sucked	0
great	1
awesome	1
amazing	1
killed ba	0
people r weird	0
happy birthday  and  congrats  wish you were here for your lady..ill take care of her	1
amazing	1
jummy	1
as looking forwar	1
"its funny,"	1
gosh today sucks!	0
BEST best	1
feelin like blah..	0
s disgusting.	0
Not  looking forward	0
good luck!!	1
Hope everything ok	1
burnt	0
Here at work still feeling the pain for my friend wish I had a magic wand to erase all the madness	0
is ****.	0
cool	1
Love the idea of	1
Benefiting th	1
Didn`t sleep good last night.	0
"Energized for another week,"	1
missed my friggin hair	0
a fantastic	1
intrigued!	1
"lovely,"	1
hope everyone has a great bank holiday	1
boring!	0
Greatt..'	1
am still tired	0
killing me.	0
hard	0
m sorry	0
Love th	1
good	1
missed	0
o good	1
I totally lost  RIP	0
Watching Everything Is Illuminated  and dreaaaming<3	1
?  enjoy it though.	1
winner	1
I`m having a bev by myself too. Sometimes you just have those kind of days and you need to relax	1
im back. wooooo!!!	1
Thank you for everything... always!	1
outta space	0
sounds nice	1
nice.	1
I love storms!	1
Yippiee!	1
tired.	0
Lovely morning to cycle to work but met with a 29 degree office	1
e amazing	1
You`re just jealous	0
my kitchen is gonna smell	0
PLEEEEEEEASSSEEEEEEE	1
But don`t worr	1
COOL	1
like	1
best roast	1
great	1
aarrgghh - fu*k.....a hose ha	0
dead.	0
Wow that is a scary statistic	0
"I know, It`s so crazy! I love using it too  Have you seen my YT recently? I am a partner now"	1
bad	0
"Sadly,"	0
though	0
"I felt HORRIBLE, poor thing"	0
Finally home after a big of travelling!! ahhhhhh now time to realx!!	1
. Lazy shiit.	0
stomach ache... Totally sucks	0
i dont think	0
Amazing how the house doesn`t look any better for all my efforts	0
Holy ****!	0
sprawled	0
"i cant sleep, i dont deserve this"	0
Enjoy	1
..hope	1
good day 2day!	1
I`m lovin the First Lady`s fuschia sheath dress!	1
doesn`t exist anymore.	0
virus hunting on computer - always wondering what it will destroy	0
happy	1
great	1
would love to catch up with yo	1
Goodnight everyone  Happy Mothers Day to all of the mothers out there	1
late	0
fantastic.	1
s relaxing	1
play	1
YAY	1
jealous	0
backache	0
ll mis	0
I`m ok my iPod!	1
like	1
this is a travesty	0
omg i just slept like 18hrs in the last 22hrs...  i think i`m dying or something   reminds me of catche	0
"Missed bus, walking miles,"	0
"Just got home, no rosie surprise of smiles hugs & kisses waiting for me."	1
sufferin already	0
funeral at 2.  today is going to be bad.	0
busted	0
i wishhh!	1
", hope"	1
Yes we Can  make it	1
doesn`t seem to work	0
missing	0
Yay	1
nah is next week honey ma fault for confusin u	0
understandable.	1
Woke up early! Still sick	0
"Happy Mother`s Day, amma!  I made u cake, remember? U loved it!"	1
sorry	0
not so tired today	1
quite miffed tbh	0
long delays	0
gutted	0
e sickee	0
hate	0
fml	0
grrrrri want you to come  kiss justice for me !!!	1
I have a real sleeping disorder	0
sweet	1
miss	0
I love `s diagram of the mainstream adoption curve	1
tired	0
worry	0
super duber high!	1
im sorry	0
says gud eve guys..	1
Have fun with your princess	1
my mom is sick so	0
I am sick..	0
sukks	0
restful	1
Amazing	1
dirty	0
.  Oh I`m so happ	1
sorry.	0
ahhh ikr! he`s the cuteset thing ever  Plus it reminds me of twilight which is good cause I looooooove it so much!	1
Won`t let me watch	0
dramatic	0
unfortunately.	0
u suck!	0
You realize you just did  a solid. Better than a full-page in the AJC.	1
a great	1
good	1
lol seriously.  fail. ::sigh::	0
nicest	1
Love	1
". Glad you mentioned it last night, watched it again"	1
beauty	1
I got soooo hype	0
lovely	1
wishes I could be the one going to our conference in the Bahamas next week	1
call me einstein. got math test results: A-  hell yesss	1
amusing.	1
"Time for bed, oh how I wish someone was laying next to me"	0
ts nic	1
sick	0
missed	1
fabulous	1
No problem	1
Nice	1
****.	0
love	1
. Delicious	1
I miss him	0
believe	1
im drawing pictures to show how much i miss him.	0
burnt	0
ironclad determination?	1
It`s pissing me off and not letting me follow ericka	0
Thanks	1
trashed	0
love	1
I can`t do any mor	0
Happy	1
(high five) to all of our fans!	1
yummy chocolate cake..wish even i got one for my b`day!!	1
great	1
bored	0
i am mad bored	0
YAAAAAAYY!	1
I`m so broke  Life isn`t fair.	0
now I wish I hadn`t	0
Finally made it to	1
"going crazy, the pain is unbearable..& i gotta wait till thursday!?"	0
impressed	1
excellent	1
"Nothin better then ridin in a car with your sister while blasting TH, CB and Lady Gaga so loud you cant hear yourself screamin the lyrics"	1
wishes	1
good	1
good	1
mean	0
impose your formidable will	1
it can only get better.	1
why do you hate me!?	0
"I love my mom, she`s the best mom on the planet"	1
cute.	1
rubbish	0
i cried too!	0
.  hopefull	1
struggling	0
loves	1
lost	0
I`m afraid	0
e always amazing	1
Open office 'writer' is weird.	0
Hopefully	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
e great at it	1
looking forward	1
had a good time.	1
"problems,"	0
a poor pigeon	0
it`s tragic	0
tired	0
I hate PC	0
likes	1
"o quite like lily allen and her music, to be honest."	1
I like	1
Refusing	0
Too bad my cable is off as of friday	0
well done.	1
realise what tourture	0
bad	0
It`s sad.	0
Congratulations	1
I`m having fun AIMing them	1
Have a great night!	1
Im Not feeling so good	0
oh godddd	0
New forest hoping the walk would lose me some pounds	1
"Unfortunately,"	0
NOT happy!	0
misses	0
was laughed at today for being too hopeful with the things...	0
sure look good	1
*awesome*	1
miss	0
its not as good as	0
wonderful	1
sounds like a great way to to start mothers day! Enjoy your day	1
Is sooo waking both of them up on my way back to SB  good night america	1
I LO	1
I really fancy a frappuccino from Starbucks right now	1
sad	0
thunder is scaring me	0
love	1
hate	0
AWFUL.	0
miss	0
"Happy,"	1
hurts	0
glad its nice there.	1
trekked out to the wrong place	0
I was too late for the contest!	0
missed	0
e fab	1
Happy	1
#NAME?	1
Badly.	0
And i must laugh.y	1
fat and sad	0
Sadly	0
Good luck.	1
dead.	0
im liking this place more and more.	1
bad	0
soooo TIRED yesterday.  Long day at the office. Just did dinner and crashed.	0
fantastic!	1
OMG!	1
want to hear something funny?	1
agree!	1
break	0
i got rained out at the beach.	0
great	1
handy	1
"try thinking of something calm and peaceful, such as relaxing on the beach."	1
wrong I	0
exciting	1
I love to travel	1
gutted	0
super	1
i have three hours to do my hair. and it STILL won`t be straight	0
made me feel 100x better.	1
fun!	1
fcking	0
oh that makes sense! Well you are officially my first  from a celebrity!!	1
Gloomy day can`t stop my bliss.	1
THANK YOU	1
panic	0
i now have brian freeze	0
ya know why today sucks?	0
Really? 87 degrees as the high and I`m on my way to work?!?  hagg lake tomorrow is going to be especially bomb sauce!!	0
Hell of a lot to do. But they say you shouldn`t complain theese days. Who are 'they' and can 'they' help me in that case	0
In my nice big bed..	1
ruined th	0
hopefully	1
"pictures of your bliss?  In JPEG format?  Sorry, it`s message board terminology and u don`t play w/us on the board"	0
still feeling BLAH.	0
HOMELESS afterJune 1st....	0
Love	1
crooning	0
chillin	1
I`m getting good	1
I loved	1
thanks	1
had a very interesting day yesterday..	1
miss	0
d sweep haha :-p	1
happy to help	1
haven`t been able to	0
dying.	0
passed away in	0
hurts	0
Why do none of my thoughts make sense when I`m sober?	0
nice.	1
About to go to my last theater lunch  im gonna cry.	0
missed	0
I may bea able to help	1
Britain`s got (good) Weather. I wish I had some of that over here.	1
not really sure.	0
Awww!!	1
I lost	0
Hope	1
so sad	0
love	1
.thanks	1
relaxing	1
amazes	1
dammit!	0
aaaaaaaaaamazing	1
dieing	0
Congratulations	1
love a slice	1
"a perfect run,"	1
fun	1
is sick and it doesn`t seem like i`m getting better	0
excite me	1
My head hurts beyond much.	0
beautiful	1
Thank you sister!!	1
Lucky.	1
sense and sensibility here we come! BE	1
a day is hard to cope with on my android phone when I`m unable to filter	0
Haha Happy Star Wars Day!	1
please please please please let my match be cancelled today. PLEASE	1
frustrated	0
excitement!!	1
HaPPy Mothers Day!!!	1
Kristen i miss you	0
good!	1
miss	0
like	1
m sorryyyyyy	0
dragged	0
"Makes sense,"	1
excellent.	1
Happy to see Kurt spin.	1
please please please think of me	1
not a good time to be going overseas	0
Hopefully my	1
_l I got excited when I thought that exhibit was in Sydney. But it`s not	0
Happy Mothers` Day	1
lost	0
Thank	1
Adam Lambert rocks!	1
Yay	1
i`m gonna miss eddy	0
"a filthy, bloody mess   lovely weather"	0
you are my favorite	1
Looking forward to	1
made my life!	1
in a very stress mood	0
barely	0
"i think i remember enjoying it, too."	1
enjoy	1
We`ll miss you	0
comforting	1
she`s hot	1
WOOHOO!	1
darn it.	0
kind of down	0
Nice yo!	1
very productive	1
ly amazin	1
tasty!	1
not enjoying	0
love	1
"Is finally back from the dinner party, had fun, Alice had no wine. I proposed...we`re getting married next week on May 15th 2009"	1
peace.love.j	1
thank you	1
"i`m afraid about the maths one,"	0
I am so bored.	0
well we aren`t normal then	0
Thanks	1
thanks	1
missing	0
wish	1
ouch	0
don`t like	0
hope	1
Hoping	1
broke down.	0
sorry	0
boo!	0
Happy Mother`s Day ladies	1
I`m feeling better now	1
Not only do I feel good but it gave me a good workout	1
hurts	0
s great	1
"Awww, thank you!"	1
"you drank it on the sly,"	0
"With that said, I`m out til later. Enjoy your day everyone!"	1
"`s going to Disney World, lucky ****."	1
useless	0
Ugh cramps	0
id much rather be at	0
we loved you here	1
sorrry	0
Thanks.	1
"SAD,"	0
hand hurts	0
best	1
sad	0
Okay I`m seriously bored. I have nothing to do. I can`t go out cause it`s raining.	0
greatest love	1
hate	0
great.	1
pray	1
really sorry	0
tired	0
over tanning	0
lonely	0
nd thank	1
bloody	0
", my tummy is not happy. Boo."	0
I love that new song	1
e she`s awesome	1
I want a Monte Cristo sandwich sooo... BAd!!!	1
suck.	0
no clue wtf im doing	0
Noooooo worst news	0
Haha LOL @ the english work they doo in college	1
May the fourth be with you	1
. i wonder what he will come up with	1
sure I would like	1
easy.	1
amazing	1
everyone has left me	0
YAY	1
it cant be that good	0
"Me and him are **** done,"	0
having no service sucks	0
proud of you	1
sucked away	0
we didnt see you though	0
kicked	0
a date with someone special	1
lovely wedding	1
Ugh.	0
?  It doesn`t sound goo	0
nicely	1
All is good	1
Hehe	1
sorry	0
ks super sweet!	1
Fingers crossed	1
I can understand!	1
Ahh that`s fun	1
sucks	0
e sad	0
"favourtie,"	1
great	1
haha  Thanks!	1
omg   i found it  thn	1
Rest in peace ma	0
exhilerating	1
we are all so proud of you!	1
loving	1
won	1
thanks	1
uncomfortable..	0
We all need that simple reminder-thx!	1
happy	1
I`m so sick	0
think i may have broke a toe at the bar tonight......thanks drunk girl for steppin all over me!!!!!	0
. Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeee Im Bored.	0
Oh lovely	1
Good	1
Oh MAN !!	0
cool thanks	1
good	1
unfortunately	0
interesting!	1
DAMMIT!	0
Great	1
nice	1
i love	1
break	0
I miss	0
Sickkkk	0
It feels good ha	1
dont like	0
This is fun	1
you have the odd nugget of wisdom.	0
man.....i`m at a loss for words.....looks like i`ma get an unexpected graduation gift.....in a good way	1
Goodnight	1
s  haha	1
scariest	0
Love	1
funny	1
Thanks darling girl	1
Trying to pace myself.	1
miss	0
delayed	0
not nice	0
It was fun!	1
fool	0
"h of cool people. Checked your portfolio, nice work/details in the project"	1
"except the fact that it`s been raining since Wednesday, and not supposed to stop till Monday. ew."	0
boring	0
u guys are soo unfair smh...	0
Great	1
YAHOO!	1
Alaska-so far so good	1
s fun	1
..stupid weather.	0
"Yes it`s herrrrr.  Dude, I`m gonna **** cry."	0
aww	1
hope	1
couldn`t remember wh	0
Ohh Emmm Geee.	1
will be so boring.	0
fail!	0
sad	0
really shouldnt have.	0
love	1
heavy	0
g LOTS of fun.	1
****	0
.  Have a good night	1
Up was sooo gooooood.	1
wish	1
heard you slutted it up!	0
Not married any more! Silly man!	0
i can`t wait! its most definately going to be amazing.  <3 michelle	1
such a wonderful day	1
****	0
wish	1
weekend is going great	1
Sad face moment of the day	0
disappointed	0
fun	1
Great album..	1
Wish	1
promise	1
life is good	1
? Sorry	1
so much fun	1
"sitting in katies house with jo, the other two are away doing stuff, and i have swine flu  and bronchitis but thats a diff story."	0
glad	1
nice co	1
Man I`m sick	0
Fail.	0
"aw, that`s cute"	1
Im soo happy	1
"u,i love you"	1
glad	1
no food	0
Missing you all deeply	0
Yay	1
"I`m sending a Happy Mama`s Day shout to the greatest Twit-mama ever to ... U kick ****, all day - everyday! Lovely sons!!"	1
I don`t like	0
Best	1
is cute	1
boo fo	0
"! I`m soo excited for 6th June, as its my bday aswell!"	1
perfect	1
nice	1
I wish	1
Good	1
i didn`t get to chat!	0
lost	0
im so bummed	0
THX	1
LOVED	1
It`s well good!!	1
love	1
I didn`t look cute.	0
good	0
"'I only think of you as breaking my heart, I`m trying to keep it together but I`m falling apart.'"	0
always look on the bright side of life	1
good	1
I completely forgot it was mothersday today.. Lol  Happy mothersday to all of you beautiful mums out there!	1
sick	0
Happy Mother`s Day	1
everyone have a wonderful day	1
He made me sad	0
IT IS MADE OF FAIL!	0
i have being lost	0
Sadly	0
hurts	0
Thanks	1
a good	1
tough	0
exhausted	0
i hated it.	0
hope u r well	1
happy mothers day people	1
"Yes, he`s really back!: I couldn`t wait for this day to arrive and finally it`s here!"	1
weird	0
I`m REALLY curious	1
love	1
he thinks he`s a gangsterrr  his **** don`t even fit in G Unit	0
Freckles	0
i wish my drems could come true	1
LOVE	1
yeah!	1
Thanks!  I am doing good	1
****	0
kk hates me  -cryy	0
Someone stole my new laptop at the airport.	0
scare	0
loving Mondays	1
miss	0
y cute	1
"fan,"	1
"wouldn`t have to worry about the bus being ****,"	0
depressing	0
might not be a good thing	0
Too bad	0
love	1
"My fave,"	1
greatest	1
missing	0
ah . thanks .. appreciate it	1
"We just crossed into the golden state, its nice being home"	1
peace & quiet.  Enjoy it while it lasts!	1
missing	0
not helping!	0
some **** like that.	0
I love	1
sore	0
blessed	1
stupid	0
love	1
siccck.	0
Hope	1
awesome!	1
utter **** th	0
happy mothers day	1
"No matter how offensive Denny can be, I love Denny Crane!  He is a riot."	1
evil laugh*	0
chillaxing re	1
rest well!	1
"tummy is hurting,"	0
i got stung. by a bee.	0
im feeling like ish!	0
right direction	1
standard	1
love me	1
gaah	0
"It`s so awesome to know that there are people who think I have what it takes to make it in Nashville, and who offer to help if I want it."	1
DENIED at work	0
god peppermint mochas frappachinos are amazing...  and addicti	1
Happy	1
? I LOVE YOU	1
love	1
All the best with the Cup Final today. Have fun	1
Does not feel good	0
missing	0
lonely	0
s suck	0
annoying.	0
die	0
Cool Things For Successful Entrepreneurs To Do	1
Good(night) again!	1
hopefully	1
stolen	0
would of won th	0
<33333333333	1
awwwww	1
Happy	1
I had an absolutly GREAT day with a few stressors.	1
blast!	1
R.I.P Fristy just thinking abt her	0
good	1
always refreshing~	1
is feeling very happy despite the amount of work that i need to do today!!! Happy times	1
fail	0
I`M FEELING GREAT!	1
died!!	0
is chilling at home	1
"Never wash my cats at home again, they hate water"	0
goodnight	1
slow.	0
awesome	1
hopefully my	1
i miss yoooouuuu!!!!	0
) Luvv Youu	1
really stink	0
not fair...	0
pleaseeeee .. it was the only thing I wanted for my birthdayyyy!  please say happy birthday to me!	1
I shall annoyingly tweet at you tomorrow.	0
I feel almost empty inside today.  Not a good feeling.	0
sick	0
loves th	1
I`m sad.	0
love	1
good	1
I had a little cry.	0
"Um. Why can`t I write **** tonight? I like ****. I want to write ****. Yet, nothing. No ****."	1
Cant handle	0
humble	1
Don`t feel like it	0
awesome	1
teased up	1
The Eagles make saturday nights so much better.	1
tired.	0
I love twitting from Gmail	1
Thanks	1
Thank	1
Happy mother`s day ev	1
better	1
embarrased	0
Happ	1
Loving this more and more	1
i miss Oceans	0
love	1
lucky	1
"wow,"	1
miss	0
you`ll be alright	1
Happy birthday to me	1
ugh..	0
sounds like a perfect way to spend a sunday evening. Enjoy	1
Hi  Im Better... Drinking Hot Tea With honey ^^ ... Thanks... Take Care Plis	1
A movie`s worst fate us	0
ooo and good luck for dundee tonight i can`t be there cos i have a ton of uni work	1
fail	0
Happy	1
driving me mental	0
so lame	0
"LAPPYTOP BATERRRY DYING,t"	0
I appreciate the concern! Game On!	1
happy mothers day	1
ache	0
Superman	1
hot and sweaty	0
"finally, holiday."	1
*is bad ****...He still is	0
"was smile smile smile,"	1
But thnx for the pm`s	1
stupid rain!	0
so sad.	0
d interesting	1
That would be the coolest thing ever!	1
i suck.	0
ruined:d	0
hurts	0
my knee is hurting so bad	0
aww im sorry	0
blast	1
s good	1
i would	1
is a loser;	0
it made me sad	0
Nice	1
****	0
". I`m sorry, that`s really sucky."	0
thanks for the link love yesterday by the way	1
I`m so sleep deprived but it`s to hot to sleep.	0
Uggh	0
glad	1
Can`t believe how gorgeous the weather has been today	1
In Toronto  waiting for YOU!!! 48 days to go!	1
wants cookie	1
Happy	1
Five more long days. Ahh!	1
happy mother`s day	1
I must agree I do like blackberries!	1
which is a pain if you need to use all of them	0
it`s friday! trying to find something to do	1
stupid	0
that sucks	0
dedicated	1
madly sorry	0
worse th	0
good.	1
poor	0
now the crazy is all gone.	0
HAPP	1
great.	1
real bad	0
"Sore throat coming,and recording about to start for new citipointe EP album! ARGGHHH!!!  prayers needed"	0
sad	0
jealous	0
Oh no! So sorry about your pets..	0
iPhone jealousy. This self-denial is harmful! Just let it out.	0
There goes my life. Right into a cardboard box.	0
people love the human society	1
I am so tired!	0
i laughed pretty much the whole time.	1
Thanks	1
laughing at all the dumb stuff I	1
Thanks for the tip	1
"I am sooooo happy! Finally, Kean Cipriano replied to my chat messages. I hope he`s not fake."	1
"too much homework, with paying work to interrupt! i`m screwed"	0
I miss you	0
happy	1
love	1
love the song 't	1
BEST PLACE TO BE!	1
bored..	0
i love mandy moore so much  and also angela	1
good	1
May the Forth be with you... ha yes... Today is my birthday  Star Wars day.	1
thanks	1
hope	1
miss	0
HAPPY	1
"r, hate it."	0
soggy.	0
confusions	0
"Woot freaking hoo,"	1
good	1
freed	1
still i feel its not at all fair..	0
aren`t so bad	1
Well this is just lovely.  I am completely flattened by a back injury.	1
hurray!	1
hurts	0
"Sad that Gmail chat has died, so I can`t help"	0
cute!!	1
AWESOME ti	1
cheap se	0
out enjoying the weather be	1
Sorry for the long listening.	0
sad	0
love	1
happiest	1
young  the end is nigh	0
I agree. I missed a LOT while I was away and busy and now it`s like a whole new place	0
Happy mother`s day and to the god mother`s and step mother`s too....	1
great	1
sucks.	0
wtf)	0
Apologies	0
i love the new hairdo!	1
caught	0
i`m bored!	0
", we need u on the show!"	1
who`s the jerk!?	0
thanks	1
love	1
BAD	0
So excited	1
finally clean.	1
"bored , cleanin the house"	0
WOW.	1
Bored	0
Regrettin	0
hoping	1
I hurt my foot in gym class.	0
m sorry	0
sick	0
"Oh good, this thing is viral now"	1
cool	1
fuckn awesome atm!!	1
Sacrilege	0
throw	0
Hopefully	1
thank	1
thankyou	1
I`m feeling sick  yuck!	0
s better	1
Not excited	0
Awesome	1
bored	0
good	1
You are too sweet!	1
happy birthday month!! I only get a day but you deserve the whole month	1
thanks	1
w I love Robert Pattinson!!	1
at home  im so lonely here...	0
good morning/b	1
i`m messing with my metabolism	0
R.I.P little bird that flew into my window snapping his neck	0
luv	1
Rock	1
Aw thank you.	1
twisted	0
yay! you should do it. just think about the animals and it`s not as hard	1
not that great.	0
sweet	1
I`m very sorry for the little disturbance at #SAPInsidetrack in Palo Alto! Just went into a debugging session when lines unmuted	0
i h8 waking up	0
. Hope all is well   Just thinking of you and wishing you the best! Lots of love from over here in New York	1
Happy	1
wow. have a safe trip back home	1
lazy	0
stupid	0
sucks	0
Love	1
fantastic day	1
rendered.	1
best	1
sad	0
..  thanks	1
d humbug.	0
boo.	0
tired	0
fun!	1
!  so sa	0
i hate that feeling you get when you listen to a song and it completely reminds you of how things used to be & you get emotional	0
Liking	1
HAPPY	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
awesome!	1
"beautiful,"	1
wish	1
she likes it	1
i hate hi	0
misses my cousins so badly!!	0
that can`t be nice	0
you didn`t even say bye	0
Happy Mother`s day!	1
making me sad	0
Thanks	1
missing	0
special	1
Sick	0
Aww...thanks! He`s the best husband ever. He really is. I`m so lucky!  Hope you`re having a wonderful Saturday evening!	1
I`d love to see you	1
Nice and clean now	1
Am very tired.	0
great!	1
I start calling people given the malicious action we pulled the other night	0
love	1
wish me luck.	1
It wasn`t a good day ..	0
better	1
helps	1
unny	1
nd it`s so hard	0
I`m not sure why walking around in barnes and noble comforts me so much.	1
e haha	1
hurts	0
"it is very unlucky  the day wasn`t the same without you! i hope to see you on wednesday though, right?"	0
wonderful women	1
bad	0
I have just been to see the Jonas Brothers 3D movie with   was funny NO ONE else was there  hahah can`t..	1
5 am  good mornining!	1
no one can	0
wishing	1
crying	0
Ahhh yay	1
a waste	0
..I`m so sad	0
hacked	0
stupid	0
m hating	0
get well soon!	1
sad be	0
thanks	1
amazing	1
* i feel so left out!	0
e miss you	0
Why are money problems so bad these days	0
aw taxi man is going fast just for meee	1
"Ugh, frustrating."	0
i enj	1
shattered	0
disappointed	0
stupid stomach pain	0
Not a bad look	1
my tummy hurts	0
miss	0
?ugg.. im bored..	0
Happy	1
HAPPY	1
expensive	0
I must be cursed.	0
is hating the weather. UGH.	0
Love	1
a bit worried...	0
i like this Dr. Seuss quote - ï¿½You know you`re in love when you can`t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.' -	1
trending	1
soooo fed up	0
escaped	0
had an amazing night with the girls	1
Sor	0
Happy Mother`s Day!	1
"fun,"	1
beautiful	1
HAPPY	1
Screw you guys	0
Bored.	0
Such a good mama.	1
tired	0
I misse	0
sorry	0
Im sure the 5 ppl who came in after me will be seen by a dentist before I will	0
good study day	1
sad	0
I`m not good at in public	0
e fun	1
it soooo amazing!!	1
you have already sinned:	0
Hoping	1
so lazy an	0
Good morning mate!	1
HAPPY	1
Goin to bed... Finally. So sleepy! *Happy mothers day!*	1
excited	1
better..	1
o sux	0
miss	0
The Service was good	1
What do u see in her that i dont have	0
hate	0
"Going home alone  Thats ok I need to be alone,"	0
very sad	0
happy mothers day <3 love u mami.	1
slow internet	0
Come Back!!	1
fun	1
Really enjoying	1
Happy	1
This is insane.	0
well.	1
wish	1
"hated it,"	0
ROCKED	1
funny	1
s fuzzy	0
hate docs	0
"Now, hurts"	0
I hate that Costco always costs us so much money	0
quite amusing	1
This day is fkn UGLY & it matches my mood  unfortunatly.	0
Extremely excited!	1
Haha!	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
hope you win!	1
Sorry	0
Happy St	1
that`s awesome of you	1
Wow!	1
Well thank you.	1
good luck	1
I was remembered of Pentecost  Uselessly complicated	0
miss	0
happy	1
the script are amaaazing!	1
sadder	0
finally over my sickness.	1
"Sry but other day tweets were MIA - twitter network glitch, but story was re: funeral mix-up, as in wrong remains delivered to ea."	0
Nice fusion idea	1
just done planting the garden...hope sun will shine soon!	1
?  there`s big money to be paid	0
noooootttttttt fun	0
omg wtf	0
Oh no!	0
l have a blast.	1
night Diana and if you travel soon take care	1
sober	1
hugh isn`t on it  lied last week	0
feel sad	0
hope u feel better sweetie	1
infection	0
nice hair an	1
good	1
good!!	1
Thanks	1
Gorgeous	1
Thanks	1
"wow, great to know"	1
sorry!!	0
I miss	0
bored..	0
Sunburned	0
That would make my night for SURE. lol.  Goodnight!	1
not in the mood	0
Good luck	1
Thanks!	1
thank	1
fun.	1
lucky.	1
"have a great time in the Hamptons. Hope it`s for some relaxation, not for work"	1
enjoy	1
My shirt is a fuzz magnet today and I feel totally uncomfortable	0
e cranking spreadsheets	0
blocked	0
Having Problems	0
believes	1
Happy	1
fun!	1
ye it is not fare on me	0
tired	0
. I Love YOU	1
sadly awake.	0
He`s a good lad	1
"Unfortunately,"	0
hate	0
I thought it was pretty funny too!	1
hate u.	0
t AIDAN!	0
i hate	0
sucks	0
Thanks fo	0
fav	1
Lovely	1
yeps...just for today though  I badly wanted to do some geek-shopping...	0
"foolish,"	0
aircon not working in my office	0
Boring	0
Heading downtown! Drinks and dancing!!	1
Im so done with this cold.	0
thanks	1
those pages are expensive!   Stupid organizing collection	0
broken wrist	0
Cathylo-fran! I`m glad i can vent out to you about this. Thanks for being here for me bestfriend	1
Thank God for Mommies!	1
i love you.	1
boo	0
we spent lots of money for nothing. that`s boring	0
s are fun again!	1
interesting	1
lucky	1
so cold today!!	0
Thanks	1
i love you	1
"sucks,"	0
won`t let me save anything	0
happy birthday to me!!!!	1
i wish i was outside	1
happy	1
not good.	0
troubles	0
im kind of sad..	0
a I`m so glad	1
life is good.	1
I HATE FLORISTS  No rose for cassadee tomorrow now =/ fricken **** florist people ={ hmm..need something else...hmm...	0
fun	1
looked like a ****.	0
we dont believe	0
congratulations	1
EPIC moment! hahahha i swear.. i really wanna see it	1
1	1
interesting	1
HELP ME	1
jealous	0
wrong	0
as pretty sweet.	1
Why do you not respond me?	0
AHHHHHHHH omg Pridelines got talent is giving me a headache!!	0
Harder	0
cute.	1
best show	1
perfect	1
"SO upset for about 2 hours. Tried soothing him in bed, nursing, etc."	0
d I hate it!	0
"ly, I`m not allowed to cross the borde"	0
i know  mark is still one of my favorite boys ever. So nice and adorable.	1
she doesn`t love	0
hate it so much.	0
Got bored.	0
recovering from being sick	1
delight!	1
Very funny Thanks	1
love	1
lucky	1
AWFUL	0
It was funny.	1
k. Happ	1
Happy Birthday tooo meeee...	1
gorgeous	1
That movie is gonna be hilarious.	1
****:	0
breaking.	0
oh! i love that as well!! all of MCR songs are great!  and happy star wars day to yaa xD	1
allergic	0
favourite	1
bad..	0
Stuck in awful traffic in the way to the wedding.	0
I`m sorry	0
delicious! such a gorgeous day	1
s pretty awesome	1
Looks Yummy.	1
Twitter <3	1
"NO tickets,"	0
Not feeling very well.	0
Dont want to be a lonely drunk tonight	1
Thank	1
****....game starts in 30 min!!	0
s so awes	1
Sick	0
"If I knew it was gonna be this kind of party, I would`ve stuck my **** in the mashed potatoes!"	0
hahahahahahahahahahahahaha  that could be interesting	1
"WTF facebook just cleared out my whole survey and i was on the last q, this night gets better and better  what else is next?"	1
****...the right side of my earphones just stopped working all of a sudden. Now I need to buy new ones...	0
e looming	0
bah! bk on reception  comps aint working.....BUT the sun has got his hat on hip-hip-horay	0
Thanks	1
appreciate	1
too hot	0
i love you!	1
"Ya, it was pretty bad"	0
poor	0
hope	1
Good	1
sucking	0
My friends are awesome!	1
love	1
t lyk any othaa gurrrrrl i	1
=tastes like ****	0
Amazing	1
sorry	0
i wish	1
loll	1
caught	0
. STUPID MOM FOR MAKING ME GO UP	0
friendly	1
best	1
Whew!	1
bless	1
I`ve been killed	0
thanks	1
Poor .  The flowers are fornicating with HIS nose now.	0
Cheese Cake for my chweet mummy ! muaxxx	1
I miss my cousin so much	0
wow yo my boy is really gone! Smh yo! Its bout to be 3 weeks on Sunday!  R.I.P VON	0
bored.	0
AMAZING!	1
s funny	1
This is sad	0
neck hurt to	0
happy mothers day	1
loves fr	1
WATCH OUT WORLD!	0
shame	0
cheaper.	0
sucks	0
dead.	0
"i am boooooooored,"	0
Hurray	1
sore	0
m embarrassed	0
thanks.	1
Goodnight	1
worst day ever...	0
lost	0
boring.	0
Hard	0
Great	1
repair	0
it hurt for real	0
good to know	1
thx for all the nice	1
****!	0
Sad really.	0
i had a great time tonight!	1
loooooong day	0
I am loving this beautiful monday morning!	1
love	1
lovely!	1
s awesome	1
"Easy,"	1
whenever it rains it`s so hard to get motivated	0
sadly	0
can`t leave for lunch	0
Happy Star Wars Day everyone! May the 4th be with you	1
glorious mood	1
wonderful	1
Good	1
thanks	1
now off to missing him	0
fun	1
"Wal-Mart orientation...it`s work, but seriously...this sucks"	0
y thank you!!	1
scary noises	0
sucks.	0
im sorry.	0
love	1
loves the new Mother`s Day	1
"May the force, be with you"	1
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I love it!!! No, actually, I have been having mad cravings lately though"	1
pain	0
it`s not even funny!	0
happy	1
we miss you in SE Asia. Come visit us when you have time.	0
"Hey, sorry I didn`t get in touch sooner!"	0
Got in a car accident! Pr	0
**** your in trouble now	0
lonely	0
My last full day of even day classes. I`m a little sad	0
YAY!!	1
. bad day not good	0
my fab broke	0
argh	0
looooove	1
Oh yah!	1
Yummm-	1
sorry..	0
good.	1
problems	0
"dont know why so tired today  bye,"	0
cute	1
thanks will try to behave	1
Happy	1
happy	1
"to  and , thanks for following me."	1
love	1
? You`re making poor	0
absolutely fantastic	1
gorgeous	1
wish	1
miss	0
greattttt!	1
****!	0
it was really quite sad	0
nice	1
I HATE CANCER. I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT.	0
was boring but had to eat nonetheless	0
"a reply from  would  make my life, he replies usually to the people who call him ****, then he tells them he willblok them"	0
please?	1
fun	1
ch sucks hardcore	0
I am not feeling well	0
"Every time it rains, I see at least 1 ambulance"	0
Lovin  the clean shaven Mr Flowers!  He looks so young!!	1
i hate getting put on steroids.	0
cool	1
I strongly recommend it!	1
bad.	0
ood morning to all- and welcome new	1
Lying in bed with my most favorit girl in the world. happy mommys day to me.	1
i hate that song	0
Silent treatment is a great torture method	0
depressed	0
looking forward to seeing you	1
super happy	1
is totally more efficient.	1
suckss	0
bother	0
i was too slow	0
o slap	0
thought provoking	1
hurts!	0
I`m confused and sad	0
excited	1
lame	0
miss	0
nice	1
delicious!	1
ouch!	0
better	1
"oh noooo, did he not get through?"	0
-winks back-	1
& . Thanks for the lov	1
love	1
good luck	1
yeah...she passed last week.  so sad!	0
a happy mothers day!	1
thank you for the re-tweet	1
sorry	0
..gotta love ikea	1
whoa... if the alcohol won`t get you buzzed... the price will	0
Sucks.	0
Stupid bird strike.	0
I feel violated.	0
good	1
**** lame..	0
Great	1
good day	1
not happy!	0
unhappy	0
favorite album of all time	1
I don`t feel good. Haven`t felt good in 4 days	0
my stupid msn wont sign in	0
favorite	1
#sad	0
love	1
hope ur day is also quite successful	1
great	1
Happy	1
Its kinda nice	1
whole ebay hacker th	0
she is sad	0
hurts	0
good night	1
wish everyond a Happy Mother`s Day. Hope it`s a great one!	1
**** my life...	0
Chilling at home	1
nd I am sure you will be fine	1
Happy Mothers Day	1
"Happy Mothersday btw! Look at the bright side, you can chill all day today"	1
Bored..	0
Having Fever  dont feel to work	0
Sorry to hear.	0
sad	0
liked	1
"I looove guitars, and playing them. I think they sound magnificent."	1
Poor little MBA	0
g`mornin	1
Huge fail -- it`s SUMMER!	0
OMG mackillop has swine	0
miss se	0
Good thing I live my job.	1
sore	0
ended up being happy	1
good	1
best	1
love	1
sun burned me	0
wow you are lucky	1
well deserved	1
feel left out lo	0
willing	1
er grea	1
o I`m not holding much hope	0
migraine lingering	0
taste snack to eat	1
So treat your Mom`s like Queen`s	1
not coming	0
"smile, and count your blessings everyday. Your actions speak volumes, sooo inspiring"	1
perfect.	1
good	1
broke	0
sad	0
miss	0
Im so down!	0
More reason to revel	1
loser	0
lovely.	1
better	1
Refreshed	1
i feel sorry	0
i love the Purate ENglish sooo much	1
not feelin well...	0
??    hope you have a good day ;)   i love	1
"I was, I took your advice and it was most enjoyable  I am too small to be out alone or I would`ve just come over lol"	1
It went well.	1
O amaaaazing	1
ck lol	1
aw. wasn`**** sad?!	0
way out of hand.	0
it is impossible to resist ;)	1
nauseous	0
is super stressed!	0
Have you managed to breathe since getting the news?	0
hate 90	0
kill	0
i just had the weirdest dream ever and can`t see because owi credo is too brighi. But i hate guys	0
"Happy Birthday, David"	1
messed	0
GREAT	1
exciting.	1
trouble	0
sucks	0
My head is hurtin	0
fantabulous!	1
yummy	1
i hate you josh	0
won	1
#NAME?	1
wish	1
"they really do need to mind their own business, eating disorders are NOT the only reason people have to vomit, assholes"	0
girrrrrrrrlll i`m going to miss you so bad!!!!	0
struggling	0
In this exact moment i have decided that in some point in my life.. i am going to adopt a child	1
Sick	0
"wow,"	1
loved	1
"I am sick, very sick, sore throat and flu"	0
thanx	1
tired.	0
well sore	0
I`m the heir to the over draft	0
t cuz ur cool	1
Liked	1
sick.	0
killing me	0
hard	0
voting for you Hope you are voting for me I am now a white blank with my name  mr Twitter and Funniset	1
glad	1
u wouldn`t listen or let me prove it.	0
Thanks for starting to follow me.	1
OLD & TIREDD & WASTED!!	0
****	0
ohyeahhh  hate the heat	0
Unfortunately	0
You make me smile...	1
better.	1
sunburnt	0
'Perfect	1
crazy...	0
Yeee!	1
i cherished all the moment i had	1
I feel better this morning	1
"hurt my left knee somehow last night, hurts to walk"	0
grrrr i hate this ****	0
its failing	0
Very cute	1
great	1
Good	1
fun!	1
a bug  in coding	0
a crash	0
thanks!	1
Great day.	1
Happy Mother`s Day!	1
missed	0
"That`s so nice to hear  i love you, you`re my best friend and my sister *hug u*"	1
hehe i will never thorw out these shoes  i`m listening to varsity fanclub surprise surprise  sway sway baby is awesom	1
like	1
i hope its worth it	1
Everything does not look as good as it is..	0
SO MUCH WORK !	0
d im all theirs	1
Tired	0
perfect!	1
"we live a life on the edge of things, and one foot foul of the law!"	0
#NAME?	1
thank god for one of those days	1
oh no! :|	0
"Aw bless her,"	1
happy mothers day to all motherssss!	1
forget	0
love to talk	1
had a blast	1
sorry	0
Harley passed away in December 2008	0
great ho	1
Sorry	0
Sounds good.	1
sick	0
fun!	1
not in the mood	0
ion	0
Ouch...waited to long	0
es cant wait to win1	1
I may cry.	0
Whatever you do they will love it	0
s good	1
thanks!	1
your not following us	0
unfortunatelly	0
poor bus driver.	0
Happy Mothers day to all the Mom`s on there!!	1
jerk.	0
Good	1
good	1
be fab! fab! fab	1
bad newss	0
Worried	0
",       rather"	0
Happy	1
good mo	1
hurts!!	0
fine	1
funn	1
I won`t feel guilty	1
These days have been looking better better betterrrrrrrr.	1
happy mother`s day!	1
hurts	0
expensive.	0
Handy at times	1
So lathargic... Definitely need today to rest. Sad bout havin to call out but mentally i needed to	0
iloveyou	1
I am trying to figure out	1
"*huggles* I don`t see all the replies right away, and my boss is hovering today. And I`m feeling pissy about life"	0
hurts	0
..sometimes it is hard	0
Am happy	1
getting impatient with the turnaround time on repairs to my (broken on arrival) new espresso machine  #fb	0
Makin the best of a good day.	1
Good	1
happy	1
I miss	0
very annoying and slow...	0
i hate	0
Today seems like it should be a good day!	1
I miss you	0
****.	0
happy mommas day . ging is so lucky to have a momma like u  enjoy ur nite! luv ya	1
Is feeling a bit lonely	0
a happy early mother`s day	1
t i think your awesomeily	1
love	1
He`s Well Cooool ;) Lovve The Ro&Co Shoooow	1
miss	0
sorry	0
frown	0
t .well despite recession things are fkin costly	0
blunt	0
panic..	0
glad	1
he awesome	1
poor	0
I don`t have vermouth.	0
feeling really sick	0
worth!!	1
sorry	0
forgets	0
wish	1
it wont let me vote	0
!happy	1
good	1
hate	0
break out.	0
i am not happy at all	0
I miss my water	0
Ahhh I`m engulfed in shooooes. Who told me to buy so maany **** shoes	0
miss	0
It was so good!!	1
nice	1
better	1
the slowest website	0
sorry	0
Happy Mothers Day	1
s all about attitude & chutzpah	1
Congratulations	1
worth	1
good	1
hear it is good	1
s fun	1
i don`t like	0
"haha, that would be cool."	1
AMAZING!	1
agitated	0
less of a tribute and more of a parody.	0
Happy	1
p.   a friend told me once that they got crappy seats for a show in	0
Glad you like!	1
Thanks	1
awesome	1
n awesome	1
Good luck	1
crazy.	1
my dog ran awayyy	0
painfully	0
unavailable	0
Congrats	1
Don`t worry	1
Sorry	0
", i thank u"	1
Sweet	1
Gah... why is my Macbook Pro getting so frickin` hot	0
QT	1
I shrunk my favourite cardigan.	0
worse	0
really wanted	1
Happy	1
Totally worth it	1
very cute and pretty	1
payday I love you!	1
successful . over and over for the last 2837 hours - heavennn	1
i look forward to that.	1
sick	0
Happy	1
wonderful	1
awfully	0
feels too sick	0
messed	0
will ever stop hurting	0
SIGH	0
good	1
supposed to sound mean.	0
not bad.	1
ow you have skills	1
nice	1
WORST!	0
OMG! It`s the famous Amanda woman person thingy!  HUGS ALL AROUND!	1
sucks	0
.enjoy	1
rocking!	1
is fam.	1
Doesn`t the weather know this is California?	0
saddest	0
omg!! i have so many finals to study for !!! i so freaked out that im gona fail	0
That`s sucky	0
happy	1
with acute mumps  bad times.	0
", I don`t like the movie line,"	0
YUMMY	1
amazingly	1
successful.	1
lost	0
Bad	0
hard!	0
heey  your awsome. god bless.	1
peaceful	1
awesome	1
miss	0
sad..	0
Sounds like a great experience.	1
and now they are one. To become a bigger pain.	0
****!!	0
liked	1
thank you very much Hope you`re having a great day!	1
Cool	1
horrible	0
A little bit of good news.	1
alright cool.	1
WHAT THE HECK IS WRONG WITH YOU???!!	0
sad.	0
I just love the connection with GW  Doing Dutch and might do some art later.	1
"i love pink, and i don`t care. today i shall not tweet as i have to hardcore work with jamie! have a nice day everyoneeeee  xxxxxxloser"	1
amazing.	1
bored.	0
I wish you were here with me right now	0
who died in a car wreck last Friday	0
hates	0
will be very hard to go ba	0
fantastic	1
. Kind	1
im wellllllllllllll gutted.	0
cool	1
Pretty sure I`m sat on the wrong train going the wrong way... Bah!	0
better	1
nice	1
"Oh, so no male strippers then?  LMAO"	0
cool	1
sick..	0
too complex	0
I wished	1
gooooooooood	1
Good start	1
I love	1
im gone miss ya`ll Lol.don laugh im serious.its bittersweet.	0
Gotta deal with this ****	0
drunk right now...	0
wrong career	0
I wouldn`t have missed her SO MUCH!	0
Happy	1
Who`d have thought Wallace & Gromit and the team behind Monkey Island could have combined so disastrously?	0
I have tried. He doesn`t want to listen. I don`t know what to do anymore. I just feel like HE doesn`t care anymore	0
t weird	0
how sad!	0
awesome.	1
loner	0
a good	1
hate	0
Okay haileys really gone now.  everyone keep her in your prayers.	0
I think they are disgusting	0
its ok. im juz curious	1
hopefully	1
there still awesome	1
"3 hours sleep last night, all of my being wants to crawl into a ball somewhere and sleep for about 5 more hours. At work till six too"	0
thanks for the follow!	1
good oo	1
"Tomorrow is Mother`s Day! What did you get for your moms?! If you don`t have a gift, just tell her that you love her."	1
I miss you sweetie!	0
annoyed-y	0
sucks!	0
Wish	1
sux ****.	0
fab.	1
i can`t get back to sleep	0
loves	1
loved	1
G NO WAY	0
true!	1
Haven`t found a good one with reasonable rent...	0
ugly	0
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY	1
thanks for being such a big help	1
lame right?	0
good	1
unfortunately.	0
I don`t feel good	0
home with chocolate and peanut butter. stupid kids on my bus ruined my yearbook	0
Is really sad that shes missing critical mass	0
unfortunately	0
funniest	1
I really wish	1
aw	0
Aw you are and you`re welcome	1
good	1
"tremendously, amazing"	1
crazy kids won`t nap!  I think it`s the heat... and I still have to tell them that they can`t go to Grandma`s cuz she`s sick	0
best	1
burnt	0
your dad is a superman for pulling through! Take it easy	1
In the UK with no phone service  oh yea and still sick	0
thats great babe!! congrats!!	1
pretty!	1
Thanks	1
HELP	0
whaaaaaat? oh no! why didn`t I know you were here?	0
loves	1
congrats!	1
miss	0
enjoying	1
ugh	0
thanks	1
good	1
love	1
working	1
great	1
great	1
good	1
lovely	1
nab	0
Got home from audition awhile ago. I think it went pretty well	1
good	1
hedache;	0
Good	1
awesome	1
That`s a nice safe environment. Like a church basement!	1
lonely	0
"Well, thanks for thinking of me! And if you ever do get the scratch for one, well, I`m right here!"	1
Thank god ca	1
Sucky homework	0
welcome	1
Australia is twenty times better than America!	1
that sigh doesn`t sound happy.	0
sorry.	0
bad	0
Oh cool!	1
my back and legs kill	0
Hope	1
**** the day flies when u got 3647 things to do and only 8 hours to do it in!!	0
Haha	1
`m risking	0
Blessed	1
both boys are very cute	1
Thanks	1
! I use to love that show	1
n sucks	0
I want an iPhone <33333	1
l better	1
wow	1
hyperventilating	0
HEADACHE	0
Not a happy bunny	0
Hitting	0
Ur welcome	1
awesome!	1
scaring	0
i have a good one	1
isn`t fun	0
imm tired of callin  && hearin	0
tolerate nothing	0
", just drank too much."	0
aww bless  you guys are so cute	1
"Awwwww, i`m sorry"	0
"tired,"	0
AMAZING!	1
That`s no good. I`m sorry	0
Bad mood	0
Welcome!	1
Aha the mom super power - guilt	0
HUGE headache	0
I love	1
"that`s cool, I`d be happy to contribute to any future articles. Enjoy the rest of the weekend"	1
is sooo stressed about everything I have to do	0
I gave him your kiss. Being a flirt of course he liked them	1
", i know  bad me"	0
"it was miserable! No twitter or email at my beck and call, truly awful"	0
weird.	0
Missed the play	0
effort	1
Great work!!!	1
I fail	0
she`s not even paying attention	0
"Took calculus exam today, I think that I did well. I messed up one derivative identity though  Well, I never miss that one again."	0
u witch! im upstate in a **** hick dry county. so no alcohol or ethnic food.  im crying.	0
"is excited to be visited by her twin and best friend! dinner, star gazing, and a movie!   // cool"	1
bored	0
That`s cool.  Th*nks for the follow.	1
gives me a much better result (b	1
Frustrated	0
"fun,,"	1
Enjoy your night	1
boring!!	0
This should be fun	1
I`m sorry to hear that!	0
Happy Mother`s Day to all mothers!	1
cool	1
that cake looks delish!	1
you`re right.	1
slow	0
hate	0
HAPPY	1
Have a nice day	1
SUUUKS	0
"Good morning, sunshine!"	1
ugh ****!	0
thnx	1
love	1
nauseous	0
crashed	0
wow.	1
hate	0
lovely	1
He still doesn`t love me..	0
you wanna burn the pics	0
fun	1
great	1
Happy	1
puke	0
fun	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
"Yeah, it was a silly mistake."	0
crappy	0
My finger hurts.	0
good	1
"missing all the good weather,"	0
hurt.	0
Just broke my favorite necklace	0
excited	1
Loving Lego Indiana Jones. A game-researching aracheologist`s dream	1
Oh wow  Thanks for the info.	1
! So BEAUTIFUL!! You looked so good! Glad to see the wonderful turnout!	1
happy	1
lovingly	1
boring	0
(the kids are great!)	1
haha she looks a little like u charlie	1
fancy	1
mad	0
"headache,"	0
"They had a site, then a blog, now they have the worst zoning/concept of the year - Heaven.fr, tell meh it`s a fake"	0
great	1
it ain`t cool	0
"Warning tweeting while ridding a Bike is dangero, waaaaaaa!!! *crash*"	0
"Had a Great weekend!! and is in such a good mood,"	1
fun	1
funny	1
AMAZING	1
miss	0
i love that song	1
but your not following me	0
wish me luck!	1
"Wow.. hope,"	1
"Loud, odd,"	0
Awww I HATE that one!!	0
haha.	1
strawberry is not availble in the	0
im super hurt right now.	0
angrrry!	0
****	0
live long and prosper  #fb	1
totally worth it.	1
i miss that thing.	0
ugh... my back is killing me.	0
fault.	0
enjoying	1
Aww nice	1
unfortunately!	0
bad	0
<3 ryan baby iloveyopu **** <3 10	1
worried.	0
Tired	0
good	1
whining ab	0
wrong.	0
My cat has been missing for 2 days. I am freaking out.	0
Twitter is useful in that it reminds people what they forgot to ask me about on a given day. It is also excellent for inspiration	0
sorry about your sadness	1
WELL ****.	0
"Thanks,"	1
i hope work goes good!	1
Stuck	0
sadly	0
Haha.	1
****!	0
ve funnn	1
missing	0
don`t like	0
whohoo!	1
e penalty	0
incredibly well!	1
hope	1
sadifying	0
Thank you for being such an awesome mother	1
Great	1
"sorry,"	0
Very sweet of	1
stressfree	1
thanks!	1
house work blues	0
Enjoy	1
I have a hole in my tooth	0
I`m afraid not much  I just realized the true difficulty of this design. I may cry soon	0
miss	0
yup it gets better again	1
sorry	0
.thanks	1
The test today was killer. I didn`t even manage to finish on time.	1
hungover	0
suffering	0
"Speaking of fish, our company fish just died  RIP Julio"	0
Thanks.	1
annoying..	0
I sneezed on him	0
screwing	0
well I hope you feel better	1
poor pooch...	0
hope	1
I love my hair blowin in the wind	1
surprised	0
such a shame he	0
**** right!	1
my friend and I are totally having a kick off party for the occasion!!	1
i dnt feel so good	1
fun	1
d Happy	1
so nice	1
lost	0
I`m insanely jealous.	0
My children have promised me birthday brekkie in bed. There`s a problem with that in that there`s bugger all food in the house	0
glad	1
****	0
good	1
"Try being in AZ again brooke, Omg you cant even be outside for less than a minute before getting your neck burned."	0
feeling pretty energized	1
COOLEST	1
you look amazing in them.	1
"aww, anyone see hollie steel on BGT tonight? wharra shame"	0
you`re welcome to have it if you like.	1
afraid	0
pity	0
Forgive	0
Oops!	0
tired	0
Goodmorning	1
Happy Monday everyone! Loving the new arrangement in my family room	1
Should be fun	1
interesting me	1
looks scary!!	0
depressing	0
sorry :|	0
nope not really only a sweatshirt.  oh and these really really awesome doughnuts haha	1
sadly	0
headache	0
wish her a good one assholes!	0
"Oops,"	0
never	0
awesome	1
Justin is too funny	1
coffee is the lifeline to all things good	1
sore	0
****. I always forget you are on here	0
I failed miserably.	0
can`t fall asleep	0
", I really really love"	1
happy	1
miss	0
Suffering	0
liked	1
Happy Mothers Day!!	1
"a, that`s incredibly sweeeet!"	1
that`s depressing	0
"is going to have a relaxing, hot bath  goodnight for now then twits, & dont worry andy i love you more than twitter hehe"	1
"Rest is important,"	1
ruined	0
sounds awesome.	1
That totally bummed me out.	0
didnt get my hopes up	0
photo session + mother-daughters bonding session = happy me	1
Had an awesome weekend and an awesome turn out to my rummage sales on friday and saturday!!	1
kaotic ones	0
better.	1
tired	0
Love	1
-goodness!	1
love	1
condolences.	1
excited	1
wife`s tummy hurts. Just. Great.	0
bad	0
y good	1
Not fucckinggg cool.	0
love	1
bad times	0
is a no show for lunch. Eating solo at noodles	0
ll I languish reading the news stories again	0
sad face*	0
2 more days till happiness.	1
enjoying my new car	1
d like to	1
lunch is no fun	0
loves John Mayer`s updates.  And modeling in the hot sun... and being sweaty... jk. But seriously...	1
happy almost mother`s day	1
irked	0
poor little girl	0
I`m sa	0
fukin funny	1
s bad	0
laughed	1
HAPPY MOM`S DAY TO YOU TWO!	1
shocked	0
greatest	1
im glad	1
love	1
Good eatin	1
lots of good things	1
hug	1
wish	1
it`s ace!	1
I miss you	0
sexy	1
.I will be sicker	0
happy mother`s day to all your mom`s	1
Manchester was wayyyyy to busy!  so warm today also!	0
i`m not in the mood to feel neglected	0
I know  I think I`m like dieing!	0
"beautiful,a"	1
****	0
sick	0
****	0
funny	1
I hope that it doesn`t suck.	1
nice	1
when we were poor and lived in Germany it was our favourite cheap Saturday. Now we have one 20min away.	1
Great place	1
lammmeeee	0
A bit disapointed in CIBER and SABIP	0
all my koreans buisnesses failing.	0
I`m glad	1
thank/	1
I am so lucky to have so many great people in my life.  I am blessed	1
Miss him so baadly.	0
worried	0
OK. Happy to hear that you are feeling fine	1
ugh... hangover. sign that i`m getting old	0
rockstars.	1
goodnight world	1
Happy	1
hating	0
a massive	1
sick of having constant bad dreams  grr	0
NICE!	1
Stupid	0
was amazin!	1
pisses	0
big sis moved out 2day  its gna b weird without her! X	0
that is so lovely	1
"hall no  i was gutted when he wasn`t. lmao. i think i`m obsessed with him, bahaha."	1
Funeral	0
ree-heally hoping the rain stops	1
This is getting on my nerves.	0
good.	1
hope	1
WHAT! That`s a sin!	0
RIDICULOUSLY	0
love	1
dont worry!	1
lovely	1
mess	0
It`s so hard to get up.	0
It`s gonna suck being the only sober one tonight	0
I feel special now	1
pretty sad	0
It`s confusing!	0
loved	1
exciteeeddd.	1
happy mayday	1
hope am	1
thanks	1
eyes red.	0
missing	0
in_love aww me too!!!  we miss you.	1
i love this show.	1
tired	0
life sucks!!	0
i wish	1
awesome!	1
"thats it, rub it in that ur seeing morrissey! il just go and cry in the corner"	0
Placed a $2 bet on a sure thing and lost.	0
"yay for nice weather, boo for cici no"	0
anytime  that`s what Im here for *giggles*	1
really bad day	0
heart breaking	0
Oh no	0
nooooooo	0
you`re so cute	1
long Friday	0
"loves summer! and don`t forget people, tomorrow is mother`s day!"	1
thank you for reading	1
. it hurts sooo bad right now	0
You can`t take this feeling away from me<3.	1
had a nice time	1
Welcome to my network buddies	1
gutted	0
Yay..	1
Happy	1
smiling sm	1
Hard	0
Stress-free is the way to be	1
t after a month it wouldn`t hurt na!	0
Happy	1
hurts my stomach	0
Another good day at work.	1
"Shouldn`t sit weirdly at the pc, I know Im going to hit the deck once I get up"	0
disliking	0
"n incredible, phenomenal, amazingly talented singer"	1
the mosquito chased me inside	0
you are disappointing me..	0
best	1
missed	0
fun	1
good way to kick off this month!	1
what I`ve been waiting for	1
"I know, lame."	0
better	1
ck too far	0
I`m so tired	0
Exhaaaausted	0
you`re always welcome!!	1
nice	1
So no problems here.	1
thanks	1
AMAZING	1
I absolutely love it!!	1
looks like you have a lot of fun	1
I **** love Alexander William Gaskarth	1
Happy	1
cried..	0
so differe	1
lovely car	1
effed	0
shame	0
chill	1
good	1
enthusiasm.	1
That was a fun show. Grabbing a bite to eat now.	1
miss	0
I missed  giving away a TTC code	0
!good luck	1
"I think you are such an awesome actor. I love every movie you are in, and I love The Office"	1
That just doesn`t sound appetizing.	0
oh thank you thank you!	1
TRULY GONNA SUCK BI	0
i love you	1
glad	1
feelin` somewhat down;	0
Happy Birthday	1
OUCH.	0
I don`t wanna work!	0
sorry to hear	0
boring	0
Strange day  I forget all what i can	0
still at home goodness	1
Can`t find it!	0
enjoy	1
! Very sweet!	1
sad	0
got the WORST butterflies everrrrr!	0
didnt go too badly	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
Respect	1
listening to AM- teddy picker  She saw it and she grabbed it and it wasn`t what it seemed	0
PLS GO AWAY!	0
greaattt	1
WORST	0
sunburnt	0
my kinda day	1
"Sounds lovely,"	1
but i couldnt	0
i miss	0
talented	1
stressed	0
yummy	1
thank u	1
?  Have a great day!!	1
Last day for seniors bye	0
buggin	0
sad..	0
good	1
"Oh, I forgot. They weighed me at the Dr. I am at my highest weight ever."	0
loves	1
fun	1
Worst of times considering i can`t have any	0
don`t think that it will turn out great	0
Welcome!	1
is still pretty depressed ab	0
very frustrated th	0
SCOREless	0
So excited!	1
Jumps of Joy	1
"I`m sorry, Shannon."	0
cute!	1
o happy	1
Thanks	1
****	0
cute.	1
happy	1
Best	1
sweet dreams	1
doctor`s scare **** out of me	0
i need a job that can pay off all my hospital bills. i have been very sick lately.	0
This is not a happy tw	0
Apple has done some impressive things for my almost 2 year old macbook	1
glad	1
losing	0
wishing	1
I may die between now and them without phone	0
"no matter how much fun i`m having, i need a hug,"	1
Dang	0
excited	1
I would love to have a Zoo!	1
love	1
Oh noes! The TV is broken  No red standby light or anything... checked the plug fuse... now to the inside	0
What the heck?	0
"she`s an incredible jewelry designer,"	1
bonfires are my fave!	1
AWW thanks	1
exhausted	0
So nice	1
headache	0
miss	0
": `Bring it on: In it to win it` is the BEST movie ever!!  U are the best actress, singer, dancer and role model ever<33 xoxo"	1
I was in such euphoria.	1
I really hope so	1
a beautiful day!	1
Loved it.	1
sad	0
Rocks	1
. so a trip sounds like fun	1
Love it! Love him!	1
hard	0
disappearing	0
Not good for my allergies!!	0
'Amazing'.	1
very much much much mash!!!! more please	1
good	1
Happy mothers day everybody	1
Woo Hoo.!  I made it to one of your Favorites!  See.... Monday`s Rock!	1
feel good movie it was!  Lovely evening.	1
"Great work,"	1
im glad	1
shattered!	0
Google Wave looks cool.	1
i miss you SO much-	0
nick`s voice still makes me wanna kill things	0
Thanks  I prefer not to take meds because i will b addicted	1
cutest	1
Happy Mothers Day!	1
s better	1
missed	0
nice  very nice!!	1
i know  its nice	1
relaxing	1
It`s no fun being forced to use your left hand	0
r he`s gonna chop you up into tiny bits	0
welcome	1
"HAPPY MOTHER DAY FOR ALL THE STRONG HARD WORKING MOTHERS, MAY GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY"	1
"we went, we bought, we conquered! and we came back with the most delicious custard croissant"	1
Very sad	0
sick	0
slept all day.. lol. now time to start on my UN article.. what fun (:	1
"SUCK,"	0
Friday tubes at work are slow..	0
watching a movie and rocking my baby kitty who is asleep in my sling hanging from my neck. So cute	1
bored	0
My back hurts	0
that almost disgust me	0
Love	1
Ugh I`m tired	0
I just KNEW you`d get that!	1
BEST DAY EVERRRR.	1
Happy	1
Goood	1
a terrible day	0
hurt	0
tired..	0
BEST	1
. It will be breath taking	1
fun	1
sorry	0
awsome!	1
sad   Miss my friends	0
I LOVE IT!	1
sad	0
missed	0
goodnight!!	1
and it was sooo aweso	1
good	1
o sad	0
Sad to say.	0
should be a thumbs down	0
. Wooowww	1
I`m boredddd. The day has gone quick  I don`t like it!	0
I`m banned by Court Order	0
Hate	0
Gutted	0
"Bummer,"	0
"Thanks,"	1
Lol..	1
f***** work	0
gross.	0
sadly  isn`t me.	0
oops	0
"I was taking out the trash,"	0
super helpful th	1
great	1
Grr...Fatboy Slim is out of the EDC Lineup.	0
I enjoyed	1
amazing	1
laughs	1
! Sorry to hear that.	0
wish	1
good	1
"dude, come on... at least rotate that ****!"	0
glad	1
"The Aila Cyclone left my house in Calcutta with a broken sunshade, balcony and a huge branch of tree thru our bathroom window....."	0
can`t fathom	0
Not going too well for Yorkshire.	0
Thatï¿½s so hard cause I even know that itï¿½s impossible.	0
won	1
My poor poor mouth	0
doubtful	0
happy	1
#NAME?	1
cruel	0
s sad	0
I hoped	1
exams are the worst mahn!!	0
worse	0
thats funny..	0
Mad	0
"thx for ur msg, so awesome!"	1
not a very good day at the house	0
Happy Mom`s get to rul	1
Didn`t work	0
hahahah Thank you  Feel the Love	1
...bastard	0
still adorable	1
hater	0
miss	0
.  They are the big cheese	1
Freakin` HAWT guys	1
I loved the song when I first heard it..but THAT video just gave me goosebumps. Thanks for sharing	1
Ugh. I`m so tired.	0
Still sick	0
Thanks	1
bad	0
isn`t lookin healthy	0
Stupid	0
have a good day!	1
break	0
FANTASTIC week in London	1
I think im becoming obsessed with MGMT- kids  <3	1
great	1
The most painful sound in the world to me is the crying of someone I love. What`s worse is I can`t even hold them and say I`m sorry	0
exciting.	1
so much fun	1
im chillin	1
love	1
"Oh yea, my pain went down a little bit from laughing so hard which was good and nice for once."	1
. *sadness*	0
Man my daddy left to work again  I never see him a lot I miss my daddy	0
Thx	1
Happy Mothers Day!!!!	1
Misses her work peeps	0
i love that game	1
o enjoy	1
too tired	0
dammit i cant watch st	0
hates	0
i feel like i`m going crazy.	0
excited!	1
Sucks	0
ADORE	1
a nice day for mother & nanna	1
not working here	0
hurt my foot & he bruised his forehead  im such a klutz!	0
yeah I had a few slices of cheddar cheese b4 sleeping.	0
"MC, happy mother`s day to your mom ;).. love yah"	1
sorry	0
Like we can afford this???	0
"Suspend working again, fewer mem leaks"	0
Highly interesting.	1
tired	0
Happy Mo	1
bad bl	0
t you make it hard for me	0
Sorry to hear that Carol.	0
k they think i`m a creepy stalker or sommat	0
May	1
Looking forward to reading some wonderful reports.	1
Pshh i dont have it	0
d hating myself	0
AGH I`M BORED!!!	0
d fun	1
"I will miss them,"	0
Nite nite  have a great day!	1
failure:	0
sad	0
torn down	0
stuck	0
hate	0
sad	0
hurts!	0
d blamed	0
tired.	0
looking forward	1
Still totally excited	1
awesome	1
Loving the # dreambears	1
oh no Jess I hope the person is ok	1
am i doubly awesome	1
I hurt my index finger!! ahhhh	0
Very interesting	1
dead.	0
you take such good photos.	1
"Sorry,"	0
best	1
lol oh dnt worry u`l be able to squeeze it soon enough!! Hope you have a good day today!	1
"Ugh, looks like you`ll have some work to do . Good luck"	1
good conversation. thanks bro	1
"amazing,"	1
awesome! we love it.	1
t tired	0
Awww!  I was thinking about you lot up there!  Glad you enjoyed it	1
"Holy cow, am I getting shorter?!?"	0
My phone works! Its whack. Well good morning.	1
welcome.	1
i cant sleep  buzz me bebe..	0
missing	0
So sick still.	0
.scary	0
terrible	0
great	1
to spend the weekend...to not spend the weekend.....that is hte question that is on my mind...	0
good	1
good	1
piss	0
Chilling wi	1
I feel kinda sad about it	0
thats the highlight	1
never	0
happy	1
excited	1
good	1
better.	1
good	1
nice	1
awesome	1
- man i love your shelves! way to go diy diva!	1
beautiful	1
honored	1
Muses	1
fun	1
wish	1
DO NOT DO IT  I`ve seen enough  movies to 'know' that something terrible will happen... LO	0
cool #movie	1
lack of funding	0
not fun	0
I am so sad...	0
can`t wait	1
pleased	1
s. I`m shattered	0
nice	1
downside	0
Tattered	0
love	1
finds the hardest thing about being a Christian is to put God as first in his life.  I need help..	0
i had so much fun	1
Twenty minutes on a **** call yo	0
I miss you...  come over and say bye before I leave!!	0
suck	0
is tired on	0
"It wasn`t the best flick,"	0
it`s all gone	0
Lameness	0
Isnt looking forward to going back to work. 3 days off isnt long enough	0
missed	0
e rain has stopped me	0
I love	1
he was AMAZING.	1
happy	1
Sad that our neighbors just cut down ALL the trees around their house!	0
"happy mothers day,"	1
sad	0
has put me in a funk.	0
goodbye innocence!!	1
"so bored, i have a headache."	0
Congrats	1
Good morning! It`s going to be a kick-butt day!	1
ruined!!	0
problems	0
my head huwwts	0
productive.	1
I don`t feel good.  .My throat hurts!!!!	0
fuckyoumonday?	0
I always feel so sorry	0
feels not good at all	0
HAPPY JUDDDAY	1
sucks.	0
SOO FUN!!  happy bday chrissy	1
unfortunately.	0
hurts	0
Wishes	1
thank you Bacardi	1
Good massage for you &	1
didn`t witness	0
i miss yoooooooou	0
optimistic	1
SO hard for me	0
Glad	1
..lovely	1
I don`t feel well at all	0
miss	0
Happy	1
Enjoy	1
awsome.	1
I`ve got a fairly flat route available... the problem is I no longer have a fully functional bike to ride	0
not a happy bu	0
Hope	1
is so gutted she can`t get tickets for pink!	0
kick it with me	1
i lost my voice . what should i do ? it`s very torture	0
er fav song	1
. im messing around	0
My baby has his first busted lip.	0
you are al so amazing	1
good'!	1
endearing	1
.are you ignoring me *frowns*	0
braggin	1
Freaking	0
sick	0
Have a good sunday	1
bad	0
gooodmorning	1
I was suppose to be out by 7	0
RIP Polly	0
Friday yay!!	1
simply amazing.  Love it	1
Bummer.	0
good	1
Scarred	0
.  Sorr	0
fault	0
! ur hurting my feelings	0
I can`t hear any thunder	0
But be careful also of making statements that we don`t do it. Parallel ideas do happen. I`ve seen it myself.	1
THANK YOU	1
thanks	1
happy	1
"Cool music collection,"	1
really sweet!	1
aww	1
alone.	0
I wanna be there.	1
Sooo readyyy	1
bad	0
YAAAAY! I think I might have Aced my history test today!	1
pleasure-	1
I hate wh	0
no funny time..	0
**** everything	0
joys	1
Hey  sorry about your headahce	0
miserable fo	0
cool	1
The food here looks amazing!	1
"Good Morning, Twitter community! I just got finished eating a delicious stack of pancakes courtesy of my Mom and Bisquick."	1
being LAME	0
relief	1
Your missing qualifying	0
I sure miss `em!!!	0
Yay we	1
helping	1
dont wanna go alone.	0
wish	1
talkin to sum1 special	1
I love that	1
****  That hurt.	0
excited	1
well done	1
thanks	1
we are looking forward to daddy returning from work on Saturday.	1
hurt	0
sorry	0
Thanks	1
interested	1
That`s exactly why I follow you.	1
brilliant	1
awesome	1
compliment	1
for keeping her cool in the pool	1
sorry	0
aching	0
Happy	1
"**** me,"	0
Can`t sleep....restless mind! Agh	0
Was woken up by my screamin lil nefuew	0
stressful	0
Thanks	1
I seriously cant wait to go to the beach!	1
Aww that`s still awesome.	1
broke	0
miss	0
Happy Star Wars day!!  unbelievable	1
s fabulous	1
good	1
can`t listen	0
"Couldn`t see one, but I`m probably blind"	0
? I`m afraid I missed	0
i dont like it!	0
amazing	1
sick..	0
very angry	0
get sum rest.	1
awesome	1
missd	0
a crime	0
HAPPY	1
Wishing	1
sorry	1
stupid exams	0
Thank you!	1
he was trying not to cry	0
WOO HOO	1
effin` BORING.	0
"enjoying the early rays of sun,"	1
Ugh	0
overkill.	0
hope	1
"good,"	1
Good	1
My right ear`s been blocked up today  bit like when you`ve got water in it. Any idea`s 2 clear it? don`t like putting liquid in	0
Happy	1
"desperate,t"	0
really hurt	0
The fever`s gone ... Thanks Jen!	1
Why are some guys so stupid? They have no idea what to do with a good girl who actually cares about them..so sad	0
"loved,"	1
"Wow,"	1
it`s looks amazeeeeeee	1
Yayyy	1
sadly	0
nobody likes me	0
great	1
better	1
i miss ya`ll alot too.	0
it`s quite hard	0
good day..	1
Hope you feel better soon.	1
: why is it so cold!?!?!	0
sad.	0
support	1
good	1
So nice to go into the bathroom	1
tried	0
bored to death	0
just be 1!	1
"aah, i`m tired."	0
Its so sad	0
"THIS TWITTER **** BORES ME,"	0
had a great time	1
here`s a chance to listen again on	1
not looking forward to it	0
precious	1
Sounds good. Will wait for it. Thanks	1
glad jake got the day off	1
I`m sunburnt  arms are itching	0
", sorry"	0
terrible	0
I REALLY wish I was spoiled!	0
great	1
my skin sucks	0
s awesome!	1
Friends	1
It`s a sad day	0
good	1
hahaha thanks for clearing up the	1
s good	1
That sucks man  I hope you have a problem-free weekend.	0
love	1
it is TOO spicy!	0
i cant afford	0
Thanks!	1
I feel really bad	0
die	0
nice	1
"thankfully,"	1
Mother`s Day present..	1
Happy	1
#fail	0
"hello, i`m great!"	1
perfect song!	1
wish	1
"****,"	0
happy	1
Thanx sis	1
e fab	1
"So now, I have conjunctivitis in my left eye. Is this a sign of something? What did I do wrong to deserve this?LOL I`m dying people!"	0
tired	0
thankies	1
omg.	0
"wins,"	1
unfortunately	0
Glad	1
had delicious pav + bhaaji + finely chopped onion + little dash of lemon  Yummy!	1
awesome	1
boring.	0
hates	0
thank	1
m suffering	0
crying	0
.. WE make old look GOOD	1
I am soooo disappointed	0
leaving	0
hope	1
safe	1
..loved it	1
bad..	0
Really disappointed	0
AMAZING!	1
so jealous!	0
not cool.	0
bad	0
"hurts,"	0
boring	0
cowering from pain	0
SO BORED.	0
It was a wonderful day	1
"i love you,"	1
I will not be late.	1
sounds cool!	1
s Good	1
now you owe me a red LOL te	1
can`t believe he has to wait till October	0
nice	1
Yummy and healthy.	1
handsome!	1
i believe	1
e great!	1
Glad	1
haha	1
Good times	1
Happy	1
more productive	1
not fun	0
cute	1
* love	1
r better	1
good	1
broke as hell?!	0
I`ve missed you	0
"Yup, I`m pretty sure summer could not have started off any better than the one this year"	1
Really laughing out loud! Seeing a limo in front of MacDonalds is just to funny!	1
happy sunday to you to	1
damage	0
s so cute.	1
i had a good selection of flavors	1
so **** nervous!!!	0
"wow, fancy!"	1
!   Have a very Happy Mother`s Da	1
So theres this boy. Hes so cute. Hes got a six pack.  yum it was fun touchin it.	1
awesome	1
feelin nice af	1
bad.	0
Good	1
"i love this girl  ,she rocks!"	1
love	1
.good luck	1
very happy!!	1
sorry	0
#itsucks	0
WHY DO U LOT MOCK ME!!!	0
mysterious	0
Oh that just made my evening.	1
Celebrating mother`s day with apple pie	1
i wish i could see him on his bday though.	1
Absolutely fantastic	1
o miss	0
FUN	1
"I`m so sick, it`s ridiculous."	0
so cut	1
Sunburn is not as fun as	0
lies	0
favorite	1
cool	1
guilty	0
p.  Very very rough today.  It hurts to ta	0
disapointing!	0
I am going to be pissed.	0
Creased	0
youtube isn`t working again. oh great	0
The time is not my friend today	0
doesn`t mean I really get to leave at 1.	0
Awesome effort	1
thanks for the follow! The love of your life is adorable	1
motivated!	1
luv 2	1
imposible	0
Love it!	1
aww. I hope you feel better soon.	1
"Come on Kirk, hook up your Wii to the wifi....you can do eeet!"	1
I`m glad	1
its a bit cold	0
And I`m not as tired th	1
HILARIOUSLY FUN!!!	1
Happy	1
i love her too !!! she shouldve won	1
i wish the birthday massacre would come to australia	1
Worse	0
Yay me!	1
awwwww	0
like	1
wish	1
a sad	0
"Awww, *hugs*"	0
Good morning friends. Happy May Bank Holiday.	1
wish i could	0
"harrump gagging for beer, noone wants to play"	0
kiss	1
hey! thanks for following	0
love	1
"Well, my plans for today just got cancelled"	0
burnt	0
haha i like modern studies..... its my favourite subject  haha i guessing you dont feel the same	1
my favourite food!	1
goodtimes.	1
w that boston marathon is done.	1
m secure	1
sleep well	1
thanks	1
Good Morning Twitter	1
don`t want to go to work tonight	0
true lol no problem	1
horrible	0
i cant see it	0
Aww Thanks!    Glad I appreciat	1
wish	1
comfy	1
Made a mess	0
really hot	0
I`m falling apart in front of my eyes	0
regret	0
cried.	0
frustrating.	0
"Happy 'Star Wars' Day,"	1
.no luck	0
Math class ugh.  Rather be a class act.  **** quiz   gotta act fa	0
excited	1
To lose this gut lol no seriously i have gained a lil and im not liking how it looks.	0
So much pain.	0
rain is too strong	0
lol	1
Exhausted	0
no chips.	0
got sunburned at the volcano	0
good morning!	1
Tea Apple IS DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!	1
headache	0
fab	1
good day se	1
woooooo im seeing yo	1
"killing,"	0
love	1
lol i cant drink!!	1
GETTING A PUPPYYY!!!!  What should I name him? I think Romeo is cute.	1
migraine th	0
tired	0
i like the workshop	1
GREAT day	1
best	1
I can`t have any pets in the appartment I	0
died!	0
Goodnight	1
finding out you have to cover extra shifts this week..	0
I was so worried..I think I care far 2 much..but if anything happened 2 them	0
How I wish I wish I did not eat that....burger.	0
t. poor thing not gonna have a choice for much longer though	1
nice big screen!	1
I`m really impatient lol	0
cry	0
e awesome	1
reasonable	1
i just won a basketball game	1
sad!	0
do mmmmmmmmmmmm cookie...	1
"yeah the freedom is awesome,"	1
.hope	1
a great	1
n hoping for the best	1
sucks	0
Celebrated	1
impressed	1
I think I`m running a fever and not feeling so well!	0
Wish I was in London to personally witness the Nun Run! What a great idea for the opening of Sister Act`s new broadway show	1
love	1
"I hate knowing my weekends gonna be ****,"	0
", got a video tape with fungus badluck"	0
Happy	1
Tummy hurts	0
miss	0
u!  shee	0
gained	1
`Luv	1
OCHH ive got blister on my foot over the sun today its soo sore  i supose yas dnt care hah just thaught i tweet it anyways	0
!  enjoy	1
HAPPY	1
e me sad..	0
e afraid	0
t better	1
love	1
e! Yum yum yum	1
killen	0
sucks.	0
"sorry,"	0
Tonight was fun	1
im sad  you didnt text today.	0
hope	1
what a great day for a massage! bo	1
forgot	0
poor	0
thanks a lot	1
my stomach hurts	0
Lol.	1
worth	1
I`m not happy	0
hopefully	1
ly coo	1
sadly	0
I`m good thank you	1
grrrrrrr	0
feet hurt	0
happy	1
awesome	1
Goodnight	1
hahahahahaha	1
"I love the humor,"	1
I love him so so much.	1
Too cute!	1
snappy	0
sorry bout your cat !	0
LAME.	0
best	1
Had fun	1
doable	1
Haha I should. But I won`t. lol Then I might miss something.	1
excited	1
watching them die is a nightmare.	0
!   NOT GO	0
Stressed	0
cryy*	0
fave	1
Nothing beats spending an evening with my mom	1
I`m here if ur here for me!	1
.sorry	0
a best	1
Good	1
I`m not convinced `140 chars and less` replies are conversation	0
feeling sick. headache. bored. tireddd	0
"thanks,"	1
it was nice to meet you tonight & thanks!!	1
Mouth hurts	0
happy	1
miss	0
amusing.	1
"NOT happy,"	0
Today feels like friday. Too bad its not	0
best	1
They are out of ice cream at the Crazy Mocha in SS. This means no Espresso Milkshake..	0
i love	1
wish I said 9am. I`m beat.	0
Too broke fo	0
failed.	0
l~blessings	1
"thanks,"	1
dont wanna	0
if she sees that she will cry! lol	0
thanx	1
t`s depressi	0
love	1
: psh...didn`t even pay for me though	0
:``( please forgive me  I`m sorry	0
I`m such a spazz	0
good	1
nice	1
e creative	1
. Can`t be a victim like your people.	0
sucks	0
disspointed	0
hasn`t	0
I`m bored. No internet. I haven`t made it downtown or to the beach yet.	0
initial rant.	0
o terrible	0
my heart sings	1
congratss.	1
Good Morning	1
rubbish!	0
no fun	0
storming	1
suck	0
amazing!	1
hardly	0
sucks	0
deceiving	0
good	1
!  I`m Awesome	1
hoping	1
House Hunting was a PAIN! House Shifting is a SUPER PAIN!! Packing never seems to end  I can`t even Imagine Unpacking :-P	0
headache.	0
no fun!	0
I`m soooo bored.	0
HAPPY	1
welcome to the family new pillow	1
awesome!	1
& happy mommy`s day	1
sad	0
I need a hug  I`m doing my junior cert this week and I`m totally stressed out	0
man that **** hurts!	0
.  Thank	1
Good	1
shame	0
i have nothing to do except right a eassy due on monday D: :[ :{  ]: }:	0
excited	1
perfectly	1
appreciate and love her.	1
. You`re a fantastic actor	1
sick	0
good	1
that sounds cool!	1
da bomb u	1
That sucks to hear. I hate days like that	0
wat the hell	0
AMAZING	1
YAAAY!	1
disturb	0
feels ****! an	0
Would be nice to see you.	1
hates me	0
Happy	1
die.	0
i thought you liked the name	0
my mom fell down the stairs today & broke her toe. ugh	0
Ill in bed my stomach is killing me	0
? i like	1
t scared	0
Loves	1
tired	0
I`m sorry about your car. I feel for you..	0
It`s **** cold here	0
", I`m so thankful I can count on you, love ya boo"	1
excellent	1
ohh my phone isn`t working	0
I hate	0
not going to be fun	0
Thanks for all the well wishes	1
its not happening	0
i don`t feel very well right now	0
haha that`s because you also look amazing in it! have fun!	1
LOVE	1
sorry	0
.perfect	1
missing	0
hard	0
trading below $1.00 at only $.88 per share!!	0
Sorry	0
you are so right!	1
In denial	0
hungry	0
I hope for a speedy recovery for you!	1
", is pray for you...."	1
Bummed I won`t be there.	0
miss	0
i`m so hungry	0
Your Right!	1
sorry	0
problem	0
Oh wow they are really good  I think Im going to use one of them lol.	1
love for vintage books..	1
I have no money	0
appreciated!	1
is not having a good day... I havent had a good week forreal!!	0
short stack.	0
stuck in	0
"PLEASE PLEASE, ANYONE?"	1
so afraid	0
im missing tennessee ALOT today	0
night honey..see ya tomorrow	1
_ that is the truth.	1
Im glad	1
happy	1
a lazy day	0
ts 35 now.   ilycecily <3	1
"They came out cold  The cheese sauce was good, though."	1
sickness	0
"The internet is just being a big fail for me today-- not only is Twitter its usual semi-flaky self, but Facebook and VRBO.com, too  Boo!"	0
"Forced myself out of bed this morning, but failed to cycle in. ****."	0
HAPPY Mother Day to	1
I`m nervous... I hope I get in... this could be a costly mistake... more like procrastination and assumption...	0
wonderful	1
Love that song! Happy Monday	1
great	1
it was gone	0
horrid headache wi	0
OMG i want to go too!  hahaha	1
all time low mean so **** much to me. i hope i get to see them in june. it would be so awesome. gaskarth is amazing	1
too bad the weather sucks..	0
RIP Robin	0
I hope some day my mom will get this message!	1
hurts	0
pretty	1
develop	1
Didn`t want it to end.	1
woo.	1
! I Think I Re-Ripped something !!! Yeah THAT !!	0
",  Best Holy Day wishes to you all"	1
disagree	0
fml my	0
Horrid dream.	0
welcome.	1
Your guides are truly many times a lifesaver to me	1
Wish	1
good good!!	1
!    They are all amazing peopl	1
I couldn`t register	0
Wishing	1
Poltergeist!	0
love	1
wished to go	1
thanks	1
blast	1
#NAME?	1
hope	1
love	1
"bad,"	0
nice	1
Happy	1
Happy!	1
likes	1
"Thankyou,"	1
proud of	1
complaining.	0
hoping	1
funny	1
sorry	0
t was awesome	1
love	1
.  r.i.p.	0
My next tweet must be something really special.	1
"LOL, point at yourself and laugh!"	1
g fun	1
poor	0
had a nice mother`s day with mum. she liked her presents. wondering if i`ll ever see some one again. talking to sisa.	1
good	1
Thanks bro.	1
good	1
Yum	1
hurtful!	0
SICK.	0
miss	0
I love that we just get a little peek of your dimple	1
GOOD	1
decent weather.	1
congrats!	1
Come on Vancouver. Throwing stuff onto the ice? I thought you Canucks were supposed to be all polite and stuff?	0
", sorry"	0
i love playing games in the dark.	1
fun	1
totally agree	1
broken	0
ugh some stupid teenagers just showed up.	0
.these dudes are clowns	0
yum!	1
. Nice people up there.	1
NICK WTF I WAS GONNA GO BUT I HAVE NO RIDE. Boo	0
amazing	1
Happy Friday!	1
worth	1
Why do I always have a headache?	0
.let`s make it an awesome nite	1
wat the!	0
everything is fine	1
l hopefully	1
it would be cool	1
were fab	1
Wow.	1
"Thanks,"	1
Good	1
"Ya, the weather has been super weird here."	0
"no, sry, didn`t feel well at all."	0
a good	1
Chem wasn`t better than physics. And now I`m so tired.	0
The Climb is sooo good!	1
Oh god! The cheesy disco music has started	0
patient	1
r -_- apparently it needed break from U huh!	0
I`d like to thank my normally only randomly working internet for actually staying up from the moment I saw the tweet until now.	1
good.	1
fun..	1
damm	0
hope	1
its really hard to concentrate rite now	0
"Weird,"	0
Amazing.	1
lame	0
boo	0
THIS CALLS FOR A HIGH FIVE!	1
a sad	0
thanks neemah.	1
all the shows I`m going to have to miss because I`m broke.	0
yay	1
i was in a hospital for a week and a half pretty much on the virge of dying.	0
Can`t wait	1
Love	1
s hoping	1
Y CANT WE ALL JUST GET ALONG	0
Tooo cute!	1
Hate washing my hair! Because then it has to be dried & straightened.  And then i find the grey hairs in the middle layers of my hair	0
(((HUGS)))	1
i can`t cope	0
Happy mothers	1
lovely.	1
"omfg, my head"	0
favorite	1
good luck!	1
loves	1
s cryin	0
I want it to be Wednesday already so I can hurry up and go to New Zealand so I`m busy and not sitting here bored and stressing	0
_Kill_Boy I know the feeling	0
I woulda never believed that five years later I`d be a female engineer myself making tracks	1
Missed	0
Was pleased with Star Trek.	1
Thx!	1
a frost warning	0
great	1
best night of my whole entire **** life.	1
Happy	1
happy	1
Wtf	0
love	1
fun tweets	1
miss	0
Now the mosquito truck is waking me up	0
good	1
nicest	1
love	1
great	1
loving	1
this sucks	0
but I`m too distracted	0
why you never answer me.	0
**** hard right now...this is annoying	0
I miss u	0
awesome	1
poor	0
sad	0
fun	1
Yeahhhhh	1
Lunch decision shouldn`t be this hard	0
"Not only am I banned,"	0
Wish you were!!!	0
"Every time I succeed with a code, I get 'We`re Sorry. Your Credit Card Has Been Declined at this time.'"	0
bored	0
dirty	0
break up	0
giddy	0
Have a great one ;)	1
That makes me sad	0
Goood	1
Hate	0
really not lookin forward to monday  bak to college	0
AWESOME	1
'That`s a nice picture'	1
miss	0
wish	1
nicley	1
Hardly working	1
i don`t like u	0
**** i feel old	0
really adore	1
Still sick at home	0
Glad	1
In bed after a good last saturday in ec. I`m gonna miss this place but can`t wait til summer	0
good morning	1
excited.	1
it was fun	0
fun..	1
"thanks for trying   I was hoping Bud Trillin, but the Fest would be honored by any of the guests with whom you hobnobbed"	1
its nice!	1
I don`t like	0
s no fun	0
ach al	0
agree.	1
you are such a great person.	1
sorry.	0
P Fun	1
hard	0
That`s gotta be a record	1
what`s wrong	0
makes me think of  <3	1
WHAT?! i was wanting to see that show!!	0
I hate how MS makes me feel.	0
Hahahahahahahahahah!	1
_Josa how exciting!!! looking forward to pics on facebook  ****	1
I want all the soldiers to come home so we don`t have to hear about anymore being killed.	1
home  ****	0
Great. I`m lovin it.	1
hurts	0
really sucks	0
my car is possessed and won`t stop honking at me	0
"good,"	1
the new song with cobra starship is amazing!!	1
I`VE gotta get a life	1
nice	1
it was way too sad	0
it`s depressing	0
Happy Mother`s Day to all your wonderful moms!	1
"s, good gu"	1
chillin	1
"i miss that place,"	0
I don`t think I`m going camping	0
s awesome	1
I miss	0
a good	1
Not any more.	0
RIP	0
s horrible	0
miss	0
poor	0
favourites.	1
"pretty much, thanks.  seeing if a little Gilbert & Sullivan will cheer me up more."	1
yay!	1
Thank	1
"Thanks,"	1
hurts.	0
hate	0
just try to squeeze my Sundayyyy	0
nice sw	1
Congratulations!	1
u still a ****	0
precise	1
YUM im full now	1
"good,"	1
So sad you didn`t day Hello to me	0
AWESOME!!	1
steal	0
Happy Monday!!  Hope you have a great week!	1
.really cause I`m such a fool.	0
We lov	1
epic fail	0
m tired	0
luv	1
miss my	0
beautiful	1
i`m trying to figure that out right now	1
very impressed	1
I am tired.	0
.Im gutted	0
love	1
I Love All Time Low	1
miss my	0
I`m so pissed off today n sadly..	0
Feelin really awful.	0
ERRG I cant believe th	0
right!	1
looked amazing as usual	1
out with  &  i am soooo hungry	0
like	1
nsty	0
love	1
be so proud of	1
mess.	0
Happy	1
amazing.	1
"Well, hopefully!"	1
laugh.	1
what a cute dog	1
long day of work.	0
go me  lol.	1
nice pic	1
saddest	0
Thank	1
i love	1
i hate parents	0
wish	1
cry	0
HaPPy MothErS Day!!!	1
bad	0
tummy ache	0
pretty much amazing.	1
is almost over the legal limit of	0
"Wow, you`re car`s awesome!"	1
stupid	0
just relax	1
Great work. Love it.	1
Sick to the bone	0
it wouldn`t load!	0
i hope she comes back	1
warmly	1
I love	1
LOVE	1
The VP is gone...so why am I getting a headache?    Time to have some coffee and fight it of	0
I hope	1
freaking difficult	0
hurt	0
rocks..	1
ignore	0
cool!	1
I WISH	1
cute.	1
Feeling pretty tired and lonely	0
Thanks for the headsup	1
Thanks	1
afraid	0
funny.	1
bad.	0
my love bound for badluck an	1
Internet is dead.	0
I miss someone	0
hurt	0
likes cheerios and scones in the morning	1
wonderful	1
"haha hell ya id love to find some boys to toke with, and thats a very sexy bike"	1
I don`t care so much	0
hell no!	0
****. Stephane doesn`t even feel sorry for me. Off to work then	0
good bank hoilday	1
! glad	1
good news fr	1
Love to	1
sowwwy	0
Best show of my life.	1
I dont feel well	0
Feeling very grateful fo	1
he   love it.	1
Why are tea pitcher things so hard to find?	0
"beautiful morning, say Hi to Morris LOL"	1
Watched The Rescuers Down Under with Dru and ate Mickey d`s. This is how Disney sequels *should* be done	1
Thanks	1
I appreciate	1
HAPPY	1
E FAKING	0
fun!	1
i cant njoy it	0
s so good	1
Time for bed!  Hope your saturday was as lovely as mine was...	1
Happy Mothers Day	1
I want it to rain today!	1
!  Nic	1
#yourock	1
"cold,so cold ****!"	0
great	1
What a bad day	0
bored...disgusting weather..bored..sooo bored for my last weekend here	0
but noo moneyy	0
Yay	1
bad.	0
Bob Proctor`s great advice	1
Iï¿½m good.	1
won	1
HAPPY MOTHER`S DAYYYY!!!	1
Pretty quiet so far. Pr	0
nice	1
so not fair....	0
loveliness	1
If you don`t like them I`ll blame the kitties.	0
love	1
HAPPY	1
Has a great rep.	1
Ugh! I can`t ac	0
Aww that sucks	0
Looking forward fo	1
Excited	1
its nasty outside  can`t wait	0
on some nice lotion.	1
BUMMER!!	0
Poor	0
"- No work, but gotta be here till 9pm  Enna kodumai sir idhu..."	0
good bye to my best friends	1
->       almost better than th	1
enjoyed	1
nice day	1
a bit behind	0
hurts	0
I`m going to see sweeney todd on stage with my best friend for her bday today	1
miss her mane   um sad	0
perfect night	1
glorious	1
missing	0
happy mo	1
have an amazing time.	1
bored	0
scared	0
you`re welcome sweety!  muah! xoxox luv ya!	1
well	1
i`m scared!	0
Thanks!	1
wow	1
good	1
"Buying my copy today, so excited! Need to learn it for friday  Good luck in sheffield"	1
lol	1
bad	0
quite sad	0
funny	1
amazing.	1
"Happy Monday, Everyone"	1
I **** love the **** internet.	1
cute	1
ughh feel rubbish	0
accidentally screwed up	0
I love that one.	1
thanks you soo much	1
bad viral infection.	0
Omg guys my internet has been down the whole day	0
Enjoy!	1
hit his head	0
excited	1
Thx	1
HappyMothersDay	1
they`re bees that will be trapped into my honeypot	0
yo yo yo! i like ice cream	1
is giving me problems!	0
crashing.	0
sad	0
pretty sure	1
headache	0
"y lol, look like the load isnt so bad."	1
"a really good 1 dude,"	1
like	1
love	1
delicious	1
feeling quite a bit nippy I must say.	1
dont wanna work tonight	0
not good	0
really want to be	1
enjoying	1
performance is unreal	0
", thats really cute. i love you guys"	1
"Oh, amazing"	1
don`t	0
"Just eaten, and feel extremely bloated...  now for the not so fun part."	0
THANK YOU LOVE!	1
stinks	0
food	1
call history are gone.  I am sad.	0
thanks for havin us overrr!	1
M HARMLESS	1
"ouch, my back. I`m sick"	0
boo	0
I feel like a piece of garbage!	0
i wish i can	1
help	1
glorious	1
hate	0
my phone died	0
Boredom	0
bitbetter	1
hope	1
i lost my phone.	0
good	1
wish i was going to prom!!!!  oh well..going to go wish my girls good luck!! then going to good oll APPLEBEES!!! yumm	1
Awesome	1
Sorry	0
I aim to please.	1
is going to relax and chill out tonight ... back to work tomorrow after a week off ... least I had a fun time with the girlfriend	1
Thanks	1
pretty lame	0
"yay, jo"	1
sorry	0
hate	0
I got the ticket dismissed	1
Nobody likes to feel low priority.	0
thank God we	1
That **** is hard.	0
Thunder & lightning scarededededed me!	0
"a great band,"	1
It was so cute!	1
awful	0
I had so much fun tonight!! But i am soo excited to get home and go to sleep	1
SUFFICATION	0
thanks	1
evil	0
like	1
fun	1
help	1
Massive headache	0
e safe	1
PRESSURE!!	0
separates	0
*hugs back*	1
welcome to dk  #jaoo	1
wish	1
Happy mother`s day to all the mums out there	1
One good deed deserves another.	1
Its funny	1
How come everyone seems to make so much more money than me.	0
good job me	1
passed	1
"i dislike math, but math HATES me"	0
ugh.	0
Haha  i like you	1
I suck at life	0
y best	1
congrads on engagement/bridal shower! sounds like fun for upcoming 'jump out of the audience'  wd love to join in!	1
great time	1
good	1
glad you liked it-	1
.I HOPE THEY ACTUALLY ARE	1
"I don`t think that im feeling too well. all the sudden, im tired but scared to fall asleep cuz I know I will wake up sick."	0
awesome	1
gloomy	0
tritonlink is down	0
acing	1
hurt	0
this is a very pretty picture	1
successful	1
Stressed	0
need the surgery	0
feel so stupid	0
but i cant	0
Hate	0
I`m sorry you won`t make it.	0
congratulations	1
Thank you!	1
Good mornin	1
fantastic.	1
That`s icky	0
hott couple	1
defective	0
When r these **** exams ever gone b over and done with?	0
Always knew your heart was in your stomach.	1
I hope ya`ll have an amazing week	1
wishing I got fij	1
Happy	1
its probable bed time. hugs and kisses  <33	1
having fun	1
many thanx guys	1
Whoooooo! Spcn 2009!  ready to cheer for !	1
"! very entertaining, lots of fun and interesting too!! next please.."	1
****.	0
hey ive seen the musical live its funny lol	1
bummer	0
f I missed the 2nd time  And to think you missed all the in jokes too!	0
can`t believe it!	0
promises	1
d BUMMER!	0
hit	0
thanks	1
. I LOVE! you.	1
missing	0
"michael scofiled Noooooo !!  I hate the writer,"	0
"I love him too,"	1
I LIKED THEIR MANLY MAN-NES	1
Goooosh!	1
"entertaining,"	1
crying	0
i`m trying	1
"sweetie,"	1
Love that book!	1
t sounds amazing	1
great night	1
sooooo tired..	0
i think you should come tomarrow....because i was really really really looking foreword to seeing you.......please come?	1
worse	0
sucks..	0
Why can`t I look beautiful like those girls.	0
CRYING	0
hard..	0
already messed	0
better	1
Hella wow	1
I`m sorry.	0
"Again was amazing! I have seen it three times! It`s just hilarious, and you are fantastic!"	1
cute	1
won aswell!!	1
a craving that`s very hard to satisfy	0
I will join you...miss running	0
Today is not going to be relaxing like I hoped.	0
Happy	1
**** I suck.	0
said it got canceled	0
totally unfair.	0
Stupid	0
It`s a wee bit neglected.	1
terrible.	0
as excitin	1
Too bad you guys didn`t get to play in Boston	0
too many miles away!	0
just woke up from a delightful nap.	1
.Sadly	0
e fine  don`t worry ... good luck again	1
strep	0
Yays!!!	1
I miss  so much	0
e it would be the most kick azz version we`ve ever heard!	1
good	1
arent working fo	0
Wow	1
cool.	1
never respond ba	0
soooo tired i	0
good comics.	1
fail	0
"OK. Happy Star Wars Day, everyone. As they say, May the 4th be with you"	1
funny.	1
sad	0
Never been better thanks	1
suprised.	1
better and better  FML	1
"Assfuck, 'I`m sorry' roll. Okay I gave in.  I`m such a sucker."	0
laughed	1
aw i`m sorry  i was rooting for you just to let you know!	1
i have high cholesterol	0
perfect	1
hate	0
unfortunately	0
sick	0
cost me a bomb.	0
sucks	0
good	1
sucks	0
Hope	1
happy	1
"Sadly, it doesn`t  I was so hopeful after American Doll Posse, too ... it`s just so blah and vacant of dynamic."	0
This herniated disc sucks.	0
i hate	0
happy	1
t really hate me	0
"s idk what the hell i`m doing,"	0
you`re just altered forever   Enjoy	1
happy	1
so sad	0
miss	0
Hope your son is okay!	1
sukked	0
Awesome!	1
happy mothers day.	1
Listening Maroon 5 .... 'Songs About Jane' is one of my favourite albums in time	1
Thanks	1
stupid.	1
sensible.	1
I missed	0
.wow that was the reality check of the day	1
really long.	0
HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY!	1
witty	1
hurt	0
yay me	1
", sorry"	0
"t, my pleasure!!"	1
detention.	0
..I feel so bad	0
what a great combo!	1
good mornig to everone... it`s a great morning ...in the evening i play in the theatre in lord of the flies. it`s so much fun!	1
n lovely	1
never a relaxing	0
spooky	0
Fail.	0
i`m depressed	0
"You are very sweet,"	1
I hate it when my sweetie has a bad day	0
YAY!	1
just chilling ou	1
Doesn`t quite fit.	0
lure her in	1
lucky!	1
great	1
super hungry	0
"In work early, frustrating myself with my own work before I get frustrated with other work. Not much time for design today"	0
i feel really bad ha ha	0
Moses and his girlfriend broke up!	0
great	1
hoping to hear from you all soon	1
mesmerizing	1
died	0
thanx	1
cant afford	0
I miss the big blue selected tweet highlight.	0
sick	0
good	1
last night was a wee bit too much for me	0
lucky I was out of bkk	1
over rated!	0
they r one of my fav bands too!!!	1
hell ou	0
doesn`t understand	0
Missing	0
sorry	0
****.	0
not gonna win	0
lovely	1
screwed.	0
bad day	0
stopped	0
that`s cute.	1
lucky	1
Have fun	1
he makes me feel better	1
can`t make it to graduation...	0
loose	0
Meee tooooooo..... And its bad.. when I`m bored	0
just not going to happen	0
"sup guys, just downloaded tweetdeck, gettin a move on right now : D tweet me some nice clothes sits or summat  x"	1
Chocolate milk is so much better through a straw.	1
well cooked	1
yep nothing better	0
"e, nice food"	1
i miss my auntie`s dogs	0
wasn`t impressed	0
I miss my wacom. Especially the mouse. Laptop touch pad is horrible	0
Honestly	1
love	1
Star Trek is awesome!!	1
Dillematic 4	0
special..	1
not interested	0
suck horribly	0
No FUN!	0
good	1
worst stuffy nose EVER.	0
hate	0
not comfortable	0
I`m sure you`d consider	1
"..can`t beat it! I`m in alone, my tea was rubbish and Ive been doing housework"	0
not going to be pleased	0
l love	1
appreciate	1
I don`t believe there`s anything worse than losing a best friend	0
They took my property	0
horrific	0
funny you should mention that.	0
That`s awesome!	1
. Sorry	0
_D_ happy birthday	1
disappointed	0
disappointed	0
) happy	1
"broke,"	0
I can`t figure out the empire puzzle.  Stuck at 36	0
why are paracetamol so hard to swallow? Ev	0
glorious	1
such arseholes	0
s sad news	0
"i miss everyone... i need faces  , not witty situational updates, but these will do..."	1
have fun today	1
stupid	0
"ever been in a pointless argument with drunk mum, drunk nan and drunk mums bf while having dinner??? i have.... fun times all round  hahah"	1
hate	0
Haha	1
Yay	1
i love you twitskies	1
have a nice mother`s day.	1
is excited	1
fun.	1
not fast enough	0
really cool questions	1
not feeling well at all today! ugh cant I just go home.	0
****	0
i like this new trend	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
Ouch	0
nice	1
l miss	0
unsure	0
its so painful	0
thanks	1
nice	1
It`s so annoying	0
"topped off w/ a **** race, haha"	0
just bought 5 bouquets of flowers and put em all together and arranged them all pretty for my momma in the morning!  ::proud of myself::	1
happy	1
Hope they get you in soon and can make you feel all bett	1
Happy	1
Happy	1
goodnight!	1
'HUGE' storm hits	0
"miserably hot,"	0
d nice	1
Ta very much!  Happy B-Day to G-son	1
Too hot.	0
you`re a great teacher!	1
killed	0
Good to see you	1
better	1
SCHOOL IS FINALLY OVER NO MORE TEST OR WORK YES!!!!!!! But im gunna miss alot of ppl	0
"gh.  I liked them, but I`m also craz"	1
"Sorry, I missed you on 107.3!"	0
uni email is helpful..	1
Choked on her retainers	0
I hate having no money	0
cool #movie	1
congrats on the baby!	1
great	1
"Happy Mother`s Day to all the moms! If you`re an awesome mom, you`ll help #savechuck"	1
Today is gonna be a looooong one again.	0
headache.	1
fun	1
Hate	0
: i have a crush...	1
thanks for the follow and enjoy the ride	1
suffering	0
boredom.	0
ugly	0
Happy Mothers Day Mum	1
Feeling better now	1
Hope you have a great week ahead.	1
its just so sad!	0
the best guy  I could not be happier! I love you Jay!	1
.  Now I smell like clorox	0
Hugs	1
o can`t do it	0
good	1
****	0
thanks..	1
Playing with my puppy	1
tired	0
Wishing you a Wonderful Mother`s Day	1
I`m so excited for them!	1
love your new avatar!	1
What the ****!? It`s only 20:35!!? Oh my GOD! My internal clock really IS **** up. Nooooo.	0
lost	0
have an awesome time!	1
miss	0
Awesome	1
This should be fun.	1
sore from ultimate...	0
d what a fantastic sound	1
died	0
fun.	1
It`s Cold and someone smells like pee	0
never seems to do any good	0
Happy Mother`s Day to all you moms out there	1
so hard.	0
**** you ipod for freezing wh	0
cool.	1
shut	0
I fought Jered to the death to avoid a wet willy..	0
ut i aint that rich   just buy some more copies urself	0
nice weather today in Alex	1
CONGRATULATIONS	1
briliant! May the fourth be with you	1
I get bit by ticks	0
cant stand summer fever	0
Much love.	1
completely happy	1
Sad But True	0
fail.	0
. Sad day.....	0
Good	1
hope our wishes come true someday.	1
this is really not good as Malaria affects so many people	0
lovely	1
"gorgeous,"	1
Having a wonderful piece of cake for lunch -	1
So booooored	0
thanks!	1
stuck	0
ouch!	0
Hope	1
o regret	0
my life sucks right now	0
Well done	1
great	1
"****,"	0
We have a problem	0
good	1
I feel crafty and productive.	1
!  ROCK	1
no more friends	0
. I love you!	1
CONGRATS	1
BIG HUG FOR YOU	1
watching shows I missed on the ellipital--- love my on-demand!	1
the rain hates us	0
~Congratulations Daddy	1
waste	0
and Happy Mothers Day to All you Moms out there i hope you had a good day	1
it`s awesome..	1
I cant wait to meet them	1
Congrats	1
saved	1
sunburn!	0
I dont think my twitpic is working	0
"(Unfortunately,"	0
Liam peed in the potty!!	0
.you missed one crazy party	0
I can take care of her.	1
good.	1
"I`m great,"	1
HOMEWORK  BORRIING	0
sick):	0
great song	1
miss	0
miss	0
shame	0
its cool.  Im glad everyone had a nice date night.  Maybe one day ill get one to	1
unfair	0
"thats not good,"	0
cute.	1
don`t break my heart	0
e fun	1
It makes me worry	0
happy	1
i lovelovelove her	1
"Alas,"	0
It just sucks	0
Happy Mo	1
it feels like the weekend is already over. btw I`m awake because I had a bad dream..	0
YESSSSS love this	1
exctied	1
a nice	1
great	1
Good	1
Loving	1
I have boring saturday evenings	0
Has research guilt as I spent the day feeling sorry for myself with a cold..	0
Dreading	0
Thank you	1
Pug just woke me from an incredible sleep!	0
Its beautiful outside.	1
hopefully it don`t go that far  sometimes I feel like renouncing my roots	1
neat	1
safe	1
it`s fun.	1
ha ha funny	1
drained	0
complain ab	0
s hilarious	1
too effing hot in	0
"I love my daddy, bu"	1
great	1
love	1
hate biology	0
SUCK;i	0
I`m tired.	0
What a burden.	0
**** it..I`m **** as hell	0
horrible	0
pain	0
Hoping	1
Very pretty	1
wayy better	1
Ugh	0
This really hurts. And this really sucks.	0
"completely broke,"	0
awww don`t be sad	1
i don`t wanna believe it!	0
One Thing I Hate About Friends An	0
my body isnt itching anymore	1
today i was!! i	1
found the perfect matte lcd cleaner!!	1
sweet!	1
"oh, joy. We have the Elmo potty video too."	1
The newest versions are not any better	0
wish	1
"Just got in a bit of a car accident, poor Patrick"	0
aches	0
who i will never see again	0
sucks	0
I just hope the weathers good!! And it best be good on thursday and friday!	1
fear	0
Nice	1
.nice	1
. LOL	1
thanks to the endorsement	1
YAY!	1
Burning	0
love	1
I love !	1
yay	1
sucks	0
omg yes!!!!!!!	1
DAMNIT.	0
Holy **** I am exhausted!	0
ats charmingly fun	1
is still missing her husband.	0
missing	0
morning twitterbugs...nothing like a loooooooooong lie-in!!	1
that split second of peace is truly amazing	1
celebrating her first day	1
very long day	0
this one is a bit ****	0
So exciting	1
"Unfortunately,"	0
I feel like a Truck just hit me too!	0
I miss him soooo much	0
unfortunately	0
perfect	1
Unfortunately	0
? Happy	1
"- Yeah I know they are **** annoying with that... But it,s such good promo... I lost some contacts for business in there"	1
n expert	1
killed	0
best sticker EVER.	1
that should be illegal	0
wonderful	1
thanks	1
fun	1
"headache,"	0
fabulous	1
I wish I had money to go travel for a bit. I miss	0
worth	1
SWEET.	1
Loved it!	1
annoying	0
"Ouch. I used to hate it when I did that  (And then there are the irate callers who were trying to record, getting p***ed, etc)"	0
im stuck doing projects	0
glad you could make it	1
Life Just Isn`t Fair > And I Feel	0
I dont feel good AT ALL. fuckkk	0
Happy	1
Happy Mothers day..	1
Hope	1
it gets the job done.	1
My generation is too **** apathetic to party down in the desert.	0
good	1
bruise	0
"Good lord, man.   I recommen"	1
the only way tonight would be better is if I had someone to hang with	1
miss	0
good	1
sucks	0
like	1
"party was awesome. soooo tired, bye. ps: happy momma`s day"	1
wish	1
"Oh, don`t spoil my fun, lol"	0
NOT good.	0
ey thats good	1
It all helps	1
great	1
"just kidding,"	1
Happy	1
Thanks	1
refreshing	1
Can`t imagine a better long weekend	1
", I didn`t which should probly mean I won`t get it"	0
"FML.. today sucks.. i just hope the dance will bring my soul up.. i pray, but im still sad..i hateee todayyyyyy!!! >;("	0
i really wish i could.	1
sending you love on mother`s day and wishing you more happiness in the days ahead	1
Welcome	1
SO EXCITED	1
Problem	0
interesting.	1
amazing.	1
good work!'	1
. Good	1
sad	0
depressing	0
But gl	1
he`s a lucky baby.	1
everyone loves u sarah	1
Mean people suck.	0
Yay!	1
I couldn`t get back to sleep after cause thinking of Joe on cruise	0
Funniest desktop ever:	1
"I guess it`ll work under fusion. Otherwise you`ll have to boot directly to Vista just to do some online banking, which sucks"	0
Yay!	1
g to feel really panicky and anxious that something bad has happened cos it seems like it`s been ages	0
"Pool, alcohol, & a cute band, couldn`t ask for more on a Saturday night"	1
He`s that great.	1
afraid	0
my morning is Great.  But I won`t let it dampen my day	1
awful!!	0
forgot	0
you the the Queen of Sass oh Scenie!!!	1
g a	1
l depressed	0
so many good deals.	1
they can go a bit loopy	0
not exciting anymore...	0
Looking forward to a great week!	1
running errands with geeta... feeling like i have the plague	0
NOT helping	0
I am very sad be	0
great	1
good thing	1
sadly its near impossible to find books and things on it over here.	0
wow. sounds heavenly.  we`re just doing a quick drive to north carolina. i can`t wait	1
my ipod died	0
Sorry	0
love it wh	1
hate it!	0
"Wow one year today Luc Bourdon was killed, doesn`t seem that long ago"	0
Thank you!	1
Good	1
sorry	0
Thanks	1
i goodnight	1
enjoy your day	1
scary	0
Can`t wait to go to bed	1
I miss you guys	0
hopin	1
Cancelling my JavaOn	0
thanks	1
I wish it rained more where I am	1
hate	0
lovely	1
Starbucks I`m lovin` it	1
The music is cool.  & Now I`m listening to INXS. The music in this song is amazing. The bass is win	1
Oh ****..	0
Best I can...	1
fresh	1
cool.	1
"I love her! And yeah, it said I would have a pleasant trip."	1
l have 2 wait another 2 wks	0
I think my modem failed-having pc withdrawals..	0
i so hate this feelin!	0
I somehow miss you.	0
hope	1
never liked that boy	0
i love to read ur little quotes	1
killed	0
.i want onscreen keyboard dammit!	0
sick	0
love	1
Fun fun fun	1
aw what`s wrong?	0
thank`	1
I may die without my Kateage.	0
hope	1
"have to stay away from home, and since this part of india dnt hav gud wireless internet, im ****"	0
sick	0
**** hates goodbyes	0
stuck	0
"Oh, yes... Happy NINE year annivarsary to Hanson`s second studio album, 'This Time Around.'"	1
glad.	1
Shame I have revision	0
nice	1
massive headache	0
the best weekend	1
No kidding there! Ugh	0
I bet he didn`t fall asleep till like this morning  sorries.	0
Enjoy	1
"sorry paul scheuring, but prison break series finale sucked.."	0
tummy monster hates me	0
RIP my old friend.	0
Funnily	1
"rogue,"	0
didn`t get the job	0
phone sucks	0
has enjoyed her first day of summer	1
Thank you	1
i love shuffle  and i love watching the pranks from AP Tour!	1
I didn`t buy	0
I had a pretty solid brunch	1
lack	0
c majors rejoice!	1
nice	1
going to be pretty epic!!!	1
"bloody Feds,"	0
spilled	0
wish	1
upset	0
bullied	0
friday.....i have nothing to do so sad	0
d never at a good time	0
cute	1
love	1
yay!	1
tired.	0
unfortunately	0
i`m sorry  today`s been nothing but a **** heartbreak	0
"So I was just angrily told I was extemely abusive...mentally, emotionally, & physically. It made my day.  Nightss."	0
e terrible	0
Time for my ritualistic Friday night depression	0
hurts	0
Goodnight and Goodbye ?	1
Preciate it	1
sucks	0
"sick,"	0
congratulations`	1
offered	1
Dreams give rise to reality.	1
that`s so annoying!	0
Woke up late & trying to get **** done before work	0
huge delay	0
so cool	1
!! LOVE YOU GUY	1
**** co	0
horrible	0
I miss you too!!	0
also i hit my chin on something when i fell down and it hurts  ugh... work is gonna suck	0
*moment of silence*	0
This is scary	0
that sucks!	0
dead	0
Good to see	1
"Thanks,I"	1
ARG! Eirtaku got hit by stupid bots. So	0
stressed	0
I can`t sleep ugh!!	0
ughhh rejected from the 09 mediation program. SUCKSSSS.	0
dragged	0
nothing sweeter than	1
love	1
hectic day	0
and I luh you tooooo	1
I just wanna be happy	1
aww poor precious	0
thx.	1
"heat will be too much,"	0
I feel so horrid.  I need a hug!	0
still slow	0
no love	0
Nothing wrong	1
good times	1
I don`t think  will want to come back	0
ve a gre	1
good day	1
Life can get soo Dull sometimes what do you do when u have no 1 around  x	0
death	0
nice	1
I didn`t wanna wake up.  lol.	1
wish	1
Nice place	1
disappeared	0
tired.	0
i **** love this showwwww	1
Fuckingtastic!	0
very bad idea!	0
"Not making good time,"	0
I have the best friends	1
.sorry	0
great	0
cool	1
I wish	1
wishing	1
'butteflies in your stomach'	1
Excellent	1
unsettled stomach	1
soo long.	0
(poor	0
boohoohoo	0
perfect	1
dont wanna go workk!!!	0
! never mind	1
It`s official nobody is getting a raise this year	0
thankful	1
WE`LL MISS U MR. LENO	0
l good	1
.I Love him! Thanks Bob	1
I hate packing	0
lovely evening.	1
hate di	0
best get ready for work  grrr	1
Aaaaw no!	0
Happy Mothers Day all!	1
missing Tim!	0
happy mother`s day to your moms	1
broken	0
Tail between legs!	0
****	0
bad	0
"Thanks, I love it"	1
Excited!	1
wish	1
sick.	0
e best	1
I got me a little too much sun today	0
e love	1
awww too bad	0
"Happy Mother`s Day, Kadi!!"	1
loves	1
love	1
your too good	1
Proudly wa	1
hate	0
happy mothers day	1
Yay!	1
miss the Piano.	0
my fav	1
Cheers.	1
My pleasure. I can`t be with my mom on Mother`s Day. But I can spread love.	1
"dammit, no!"	0
that`s a good attitude	1
whenever you are mama!  Let`s do it	1
gonna miss them...	0
mary hates me again	0
re idiot	0
h hopeful	1
sry	0
Happy Mother`s Day!	1
t`s freakin` hot and humid today.	0
I`m here if u need to vent!	1
love	1
thanks	1
love top gear..	1
d this one had been a fave for a longgggg time	1
I wish I had a book.	1
like	1
Great	1
agree with you	1
Geez.	0
enjoy	1
borin	0
I love rove	1
Good night you twitter people	1
I hate	0
Happy	1
good!	1
wishes	1
you`re not really in a position to make that judgement	0
awesome	1
Grandmother in car accident	0
"I hate bad grades. 1st time I`ve ever failed a class and no As- B, B, D, W, I, I! Not like me at all"	0
thanks for listening	1
dang	0
e worried	0
you`ll be fine.	1
THANKYOU!  <3 iloveyoutwoooo	1
"congrats,"	1
Dont get your hopes up	0
is sad yo	0
don`t worry be happy Ryan	1
best	1
fun	1
Ughhhh...mad as ppl make me some times...I don`t like 2 have 2 do yucky thngs  I am NOT cut out 2 deal w HR stuf...ppl`s tears kill me!	0
I love	1
i wana scratch my hair but im not allowed	0
s nto as good	0
who we all know is made of awesome	1
so embarrased	0
that`s very sweet of him.	1
happy mother`s day mummy  i love you.	1
Great	1
even more bad news has come up	0
not being nice	0
wtf.	0
"geez,"	0
wish	1
Lunch is boringgg	0
Good memories	1
You`re truly my idol  Best wishes to you	1
SUCK **** NE	0
forget	0
I can`t load it up	0
snob	1
Happy Mother`s Day!!	1
pounding.	0
I`m pretty sure	1
happy	1
what a good weekend	1
I don`t wanna go to work	0
These girls make me giggle  twinz twinz!	1
Perfect. Thank you.	1
thats a bad start to the day!	0
insulted.	0
Charlene my love. I miss you	0
It does have a nice ring to it (:	1
Hahah. Love them!	1
don`t want to be going	0
.i am there to have fun.	1
im missing tennessee ALOT today	0
trouble	0
hard weekend.	0
going to work soon and so excited!	1
hey love whats up! my voice is shot  whats new with you	1
feelin right	1
bored	0
"Looks like a beautiful day...and I am off work til Sunday, yay!!"	1
re good	1
Just burned my tongue!!	0
Okay keep on celebreting	1
AWESOME!	1
nice	1
favorite	1
no more fun..	0
Happy Mother`s Day	1
boring	0
Thanks Mike Harding	1
but can never seem to win	1
jealous!	0
.poor girl	0
You guys are champions of the world	1
yay!	1
s UGH	0
fun	1
poor	0
Dont worry babe	1
I was going to but I`m siiiick  I`m so mad!!!! Jason said I have to recover fully before I go paintballin again! Are u playing?	0
"all my work got erased  sry guys,"	0
h I LOVE CALI so much	1
I love how simple my Safari toolbar is!	1
y excited	1
"fun,"	1
I hate this bit	0
loving	1
This poor butterfly was dead	0
yummy.	1
happy birthday!	1
h don`t you worry!! haha i wish i could fly to ohio! i saw beyonce on monday uhmygawddd!	0
stupid headache	0
Burnt	0
I love my puppy	1
absolutely brilliant	1
Never had them this bad	0
bahaha.. Weekends are just too short.. Esp when it`s nice out! I wanna stop time like evie on outta this world! Morning!	1
"had an amazingly unproductive day, but i loved it  time to go catch up on sleep!"	1
Cannot wait	1
What`s wrong with me?	0
**** it.	0
haha	1
love	1
****.	0
bad	0
I like you.	1
"boredd,"	0
i love you	1
thanks	1
thank God th	1
great	1
attacking	0
YEAY!. haha. thank you	1
Another friend knocked up.   Pretty soon everyone will have kids. Goodbye carefree youth!	1
poor baby	0
bless	1
happy	1
...dar	0
unfortunate	0
love	1
y missed	0
pissssssing	0
Sad	0
Sorry	0
I`m not gonna make it this year	0
I seriously	0
It was truly awful	0
sorry	0
sad!	0
i don`t have the cash to call	0
Field day is sad.	0
still sick	0
"Had a great night, ashleigh makes a good dance teacher"	1
another sad day!!	0
save	1
damned	0
Error	0
Cool	1
Don`t worry	1
right	1
Happy	1
yay yay yay!	1
o talented	1
"thanks,"	1
Excellent	1
Having a good...no great day already	1
Its sooooooooo not funny wh	0
love!	1
loadsa shizze has happend  IM SO UPSET..	0
sorry	0
Jimmie didn`t do so great.	0
happy	1
sweet situations.	1
ugh!	0
dreadful	0
boring	0
"Well, at least you wont be late!"	0
o thanks	1
I MISS U BABE	0
good night	1
what`s wrong with you	0
kill	0
well its pouring here. Rly rly wet	0
Cops tell #Tori`s Dad they may never find her remains	0
"Getting my hair cut tomorrow or later today I should say...   excited. My swag is already on, jus turning it up"	1
phone is **** up at the moment.	0
. haha	1
http://twitpic.com/674p1 -  this is my Ohio is for lovers tattoo got the design off the shirt.. haha but I lost the shirt	0
rip off	0
one of the saddest songs	0
nah i understand you cant cancel i just wanted you to come	1
happy	1
hate living down here in fl. missing GA like crazy..	0
Way to go	1
tired	0
Very good morning!	1
Happy	1
My computer dies soon	0
YAY!!!	1
"Especially hard to get out of bed with myself this morn Cuz I`m hot  , Now running late stuck in front of the mirror checking Myself Out"	0
Well goodnight all my twitter bugs sleep well	1
cold	0
that was awesome!!	1
Joe and I loveee you.	1
m smile	1
I`m terrified about the surgery next week	0
awesome	1
good	1
grimmy	0
Happy	1
hope	1
Miss the newest version on Glade on Debian..	0
Sigh.	0
most foods I love are generally very healthy	1
learn	1
"To cap things off, the lower part of my back really hurts."	0
forgot	0
best	1
sooooooo sad!!!	0
killing me	0
happy	1
"Thanks for a great night,"	1
hurts.	0
I hate it when that happens.	0
Sneezing hurts my back.	0
i`m sorry to hear that	0
****	0
sad	0
.it might hurt	0
at least after this you`ll be done!!	1
Good luck to	1
love	1
better	1
loves	1
I love you	1
", i was disappointed"	0
Hope Fl	1
scarce	0
That doesn`t sound fun	0
SLOW DANCE ROCKIN` THE **** OUT OF MY PLAYLIST	1
gd	1
BLAH!!!	0
miss	0
my iMac`s died  keeps cutting out for no reason.	0
I dont like it	0
Quesadiaas are bombbb <3	1
shame	0
love	1
easy	1
. he`s mad at us.	0
sad	0
mean	0
heat	0
yeah thought it was awesome - glad to see some characters like Gambit brought back into the fold	1
Don`t really wanna go school on Monday to be honest	0
good	1
wtf	0
gosh! i`m freakin` bored!	0
Perfect	1
Wtf	0
I do amazing at	1
Oh no!	0
why have you still not called me back regarding the groundbreaking production i sent you earlier	0
thanks	1
Idk. I`m only a stupid 7th Grader	0
"Sadly, the time has come to put my mom in a home"	0
"Yum,"	1
Thanks	1
sucks	0
"What did I ever do to deserve this kind of pain,"	0
just loved it cause its free!	1
"pollution,"	0
Glorious Su	1
"Sorry for the triple twitter post, was having trouble w/Stocktwits account.  I try not to clutter up the Twittersphere!"	0
g can`t wait for my blankets	1
Ughh.	0
I`m not getting another one	0
thanks	1
haha	1
ahh I hate being sick	0
can this week get anymore horrible..	0
R.i.p. to	0
thank you!	1
was such a shame	0
aint riqht ma	0
I feel like dressing up for the heck of it.&	1
happy	1
good	1
pile of shite!!	0
r  That makes me sad and I feel like my life is dull and uninteresting.	0
YES!!! haahaaa.! break out the jellybeaniesss!	1
happy birthday!!	1
& hopefully	1
I never thought I`d die alone.	0
. I MISS GIRLFRIENDS!!	0
THANKS!	1
Awesome!	1
wasn`t much of a debate	0
hurt	0
headache	0
lazy	0
y bad arthritus	0
today has not started out very well	0
doesn`t sound like fun	0
Tired.	0
wonderful!   The sun is now shining brightly in `darkest Africa	1
Nice to meet you toooo  Good to know another one of my followers ACTUALLY speak!	1
iloveyoumoreeee	1
nope!	0
goooooooooooooooooooooooood	1
love	1
sorry.	0
That`s cool	1
"so I wanted to DM you back but I couldn`t cuz your not following me  but thankss anyways, maybe ill see ya around in ELLE-AY"	1
"Happy inFAMOUS day to you all, off to get it very soon."	1
awesome	1
love	1
awesome	1
interesting.	1
dogs were limping.	0
is truly a kindred soul.	1
thanks sooo much lil sis!	1
thanks	1
good	1
Feeling pretty good.	1
lonesome	0
great to hear	1
Work sucks..	0
but no one will go with me	0
! I approve whole heartedly.	1
live in devon none of the f***in cinemas have the film im so annoyed	0
"cute,"	1
this morning SUCKED..	0
. Hope	1
****	0
wish	1
I LOVE TWILIGHT !!!	1
t cancelled	0
yum	1
wish i was 17 again	1
Loving	1
sooo in love..	1
missing	0
sadly	0
****	0
Hope	1
The weather is gross outside. It puts me in a bad mood.	0
Congratulations! You two are adorable.	1
sad	0
yay	1
.love ya	1
thnks	1
too hot!!	0
amazing	1
awesome	1
tired.	0
missed	0
Happy #star wars day!	1
Hope today is beautiful for you	1
miss	0
pleeeease	1
"im in pain, ****"	0
sad	0
"Really good concepts at #mozconcept. I *really* love to send something mine,"	1
nooo i cant be sick..	0
Goodmorning	1
I <3 my blackberry	1
have no money.	0
i hate online summer classes	0
loves	1
I miss the Lego days	0
stomatch hurts	0
SO BAD.	0
bite..	0
hopefully	1
Nice	1
s fabulous!	1
awesome couple	1
mistake	0
thanks!	1
"Phone disconnects my internet. Right in the middle of an uber.  Also, first Tweet from inside of Steam."	0
h I am eternally pleased	1
my heart just broke a little	0
Is in serious pain.	0
a Good job	1
i`ll be your slave for eternity	0
failed	0
horrible	0
Go Canada they made Nikkie Payne #1 comic well she is soo yeah but she is only funny to pervs or teens or people in my family	1
burning	0
d cant find the song  lol	0
I`m kinda glad	1
"m, but the other one I don`t really give a **** about."	0
help	1
Hoping	1
"I am sure every office has them. Men and women with no capacity to realize they should SHUT THE UNHOLY **** UP, Christ"	0
Ugh. Another 'what day is it today?' (5 most uttered words last 2 weeks for me) - Missed a 10 yr old birthday & it was even on my iCal.	0
"nothing  it`s sad,"	0
happy mother`s day to all the beautiful and amazing mothers	1
feelin` down.	0
"i hate this rain,"	0
Hope	1
nerd	0
angry	0
I`m so excited for Mothers Day!	1
LOVE	1
Seriously though. Amazing night.	1
hope	1
really sad	0
hates	0
thanks bates for wishing	1
there wasn`t enough room for me	0
kicked	0
he`s there helping her. Too many of those are out there.	1
happy	1
happy mommy day Teens-thanks FFF	1
Almost an hour late because of my crappy alarm clock	0
haha. Hope U have a Great Laugh as Laughter is the Best Medicine	1
Sigh.	0
Thanks! I appreciate it	1
...my entire apartment is smoky.	0
special	1
Is too much of a bro	0
down	0
even better when you know the answer	1
please.	1
sick	0
goodnight to all	1
yay!	1
We love you very much too	1
o help	1
good	1
partying	1
Shock horror.	0
e WORST	0
! come pick up your gift ;)	1
I love family guy  2 hours of work to go..	1
thanks	1
I`m so confused ab	0
God **** you Twitter!!!	0
poor	0
Sorry.	0
You`s are too amazing	1
funny!	1
sucks	0
glad	1
i have nowhere to go and no one to go with	0
cool..	1
broken.	0
like	1
bummer	0
thanks to	1
Listening to my favourite song..	1
"Bubble tea is awesome,"	1
", love to you"	1
Ohhhhh what a line	1
Happy	1
strikes	0
fighting	0
Great job!	1
Ugh	0
is stressin h-core. and is supposed to be cleaning her room. and feels like ****.	0
ughhhhhh	0
ah **** ... my chest hurts now	0
*weeps	0
Seeing my brother graduate tomorrow. Should be fun.	1
so sick and tired of	0
Well done.	1
Oh no!	0
angry	0
the worst kind of news	0
i can`t sleep.  amp.	0
hurts	0
sad...	0
y good	1
make me feel really unpopular	0
Darn.	0
like	1
Can`t figure out how to reply on Tumblr sorry! I don`t get into NYC until 6/4 so I can`t go to any events b4 then	0
loving	1
joke	1
how do i get my cat 2stop killin ra	0
miss	0
enjoyed it.  Thanks	1
major anxiety attack	0
Thanks!	1
delusional.	0
I`m quite excit	1
worst	0
awesome!	1
Good B-movie..	1
lol...	1
gloomy	0
but it`s not working	0
Sad	0
Hurts	0
"Dang,"	0
specials	1
Will miss nostalgia ..	0
Today was horrible.	0
great!	1
delcious	1
"Why thank you ver much!  I appreci-****-ate the compliment. I do my level best, you know. Can`t let mother down."	1
I love cute stuff!	1
? A good distraction	1
Feels good	1
"but i`ve got no money,h"	0
my phone is broken    & im too laz	0
Unfortunately	0
not near as exciting as	0
doesnt want exams next week	0
love	1
", you will love tonight`s DC"	1
sad!	0
enjoy	1
hate	0
good evening	1
Oh yeaah.  we`ll still be bffs  aha _marie.	1
enough mushy family talk.	0
cannot subscribe	0
Great Day	1
I can`t upload	0
disappointed	0
broke..	0
"My music teacher either expired or forgot about my lesson, leaving me outside waiting for my ride to pick me up for 1 hour."	0
stupid Folkestone cinema is	0
"Many blessings & much joy. peace, love & happiness 2 u all. Hope ur dreams come tru"	1
bored..	0
"nice,"	1
hope	1
shut	0
s great	1
good.	1
Too bad th	0
y can`t	0
"honestly last night was amazing, everything was perfect"	1
*tearrrrrrrr*	0
Trouble	0
discouraged	0
funny you should say.	1
my latest obession.	1
"Lovely profile photo,"	1
yum!	1
fun	1
love	1
d happy mothers day!  love ya! #1 fan love you miley you rock	1
Why isnt my internet working	0
.  Thank god for YouTube.	1
! gosh poor  two heartbreaks	0
that is soooo scary!	0
Happy	1
I feel like poop. I hate being sick	0
? Haha too early.	1
"o, so all is still right in the world."	1
Dead	0
horrible!	0
Is sad th	0
.  That guy put in a ton of sweat and bruises for the team.  He will be missed.	1
dam	0
depression.	0
ashamed	0
Anyone got any remedies for neck pain? Haven`t been able to turn my head properly without a bad twinge for a few days now	0
refuses	0
fun	1
hurts	0
dnt bother	1
Sorry Cecilia.	0
congratulations	1
WTF!	0
"Camera broken, kitchen stuff in boxes, no internet.  Makes it hard to cook or blog.  get me to brooklyn!"	0
Don`t let the negativity get to you.	1
Blinded again	0
I want to cry	0
love it!	1
That drives me nuts.	0
best one in the world	1
Tonight`s SNL does not dissapoint.	0
shocking! I	0
Made some really really good music! Very pleased wit tha turnout	1
Have a great day everyone	1
loved	1
hate	0
had a really weird night last night and misses her friends	0
favourite	1
thank you to my lil babe	1
great	1
Stress and thinking about the future is making me sad!	0
shame	0
freaks?	0
t I <3 ur music	1
loves	1
yall **** **** ni99as...	0
GOOD LUCK ON FINALS EVERYONE!!	1
") Really awesome quality, actually."	1
not excited	0
HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY FELLOW MOMMIES!!!	1
"pretty,"	1
sucks.	0
Freaking Awsome!!!	1
like	1
should be sufficient enough to change my mood	1
hehe	1
totally overstressed	0
Thanks.	1
hopes	1
flo bttr 4	1
feeling like **** today.	0
Superb set by Steve.	1
nice	1
It had to get worse?	0
Dude... That sucks!	0
i didnt even understand	0
wish	1
laptop pooped.	0
Good	1
sad	0
loves	1
get well soon	1
"Awesome,"	1
Good morning!	1
truly devastated.	0
bad	0
ahh see how nice	1
thank god this week is done.	1
It`s so cold	0
Clever	1
I am sorry	0
definately	1
I am sorry.	0
cool	1
Honored	1
Chillin	1
I really don`t like this weather	0
no water!	0
thanks	1
yay!	1
you learn enough not to trust anyone...	0
honestly i cannot figure this twitter thing out	0
*happy to help*	1
Missed the hello kitty	0
relaxing	1
.but I haven`t unfollowed em` yet. I`m a loon.	0
I`m very excited	1
regret	0
It works ok	1
I`m so happy!	1
jealous	0
but can`t sample it when I get there	0
wish	1
"you are amazing as alice,"	1
awesome.	1
Just back from graduation.  Two more doctors in the family now	1
ooohhh. I understand. I never get sick of her so im on your moms side  I guess your dad just likes what he likes....lol	1
I totally agree	1
fear.	0
Really tired	0
not happening.	0
problem	0
bored.	0
joy!!	1
GRRRR!!	0
Ew!!	0
fault	0
have a good show	1
stress	0
boring.	0
badly edited	0
"i dont study, then i go very bad"	0
unfortunately	0
Cutie	1
Sad. I	0
Thanks	1
is resting. ahhhhh. I feel good	1
Morning	1
that sounds delicious	1
good	1
Totally forgot my sweatshirt  And forgot to bring my make up! First time ever forgetting :/	0
good	1
sorry my friend ... but  is paying the mortgage	0
My lovely hair has been affected.	0
didn`t really work	0
Hope to get a piece in this year and maybe win something or get noticed.	1
missing	0
ugly.	0
bad news.	0
Sad	0
love	1
SOunds goood!	1
"is Chillin`,"	1
Well hello twitters	1
horrible	0
EVIL	0
thanks	1
bad	0
. Watching everyone else act a fool is much better the  not remembering acting a fool yoursel	1
awesome.	1
going way too slow!	0
hilarious.	1
t i can`t stop thinking about you	0
hope	1
happy	1
kind	1
miss	0
Reds win! Great end to a great day	1
watching The Biggest Loser on Hallmark. Never fails to make me cry  nyeh.	0
filthy.	0
strong	1
. Sorry	0
beware.	0
miss	0
PRETTY! I hope I win	1
fantastic!!	1
soo tired.. still kinda angry that i missed the concert	0
Super happy	1
Perfect	1
it was great	1
SUCKS	0
impossible	0
Enjoying my weekend with my sis  ****	1
Last free Friday.	0
0	0
i like purple	1
very boring	0
Lovely	1
r lovely	1
FINALLY GOT THE BIKE I WANTED!	1
miss	0
disappointed	0
can`t believe	0
Good	1
Movie is pretty interesting actually.	1
frustrated	0
funty!	1
Thank you  and hope you are having a great day	1
freezing!	0
HATE	0
quiet easy	1
Sorry	0
headache	0
whats wrong?	0
good question.	1
HAppy birthday little sister of mine.	1
No problem.	1
know that none of you are.	0
forget	0
happy	1
bless her. She`s one of my faves	1
missing	0
"thankyou short stack for bringing out a second sydney show,, now im going to both  im so thankful for you guys being so good 2 ur fans"	1
I`m good	1
"I`m gonna start writing a proper blog,"	1
Ouchhhhhh I burnt my frkn tongue	0
crawling up my wrist already  .	0
damit..	0
Goodnight all	1
great song	1
hoping	1
have been blocked	0
"Happy Star Wars Day, everyone! May the force be with you"	1
nice	1
hope it	1
feeling the need for more advil.	0
lonely	0
Shall be quite a treat.	1
Hulu Desktop looks nice	1
".it was a good laugh and Frankie did a great job,"	1
hate	0
perfect	1
missed so much of Sayed Hassan`s speech	0
Happy	1
enjoying	1
.far too hot for me	0
Thank	1
miss u m8	0
suck	0
I think I just lost an	0
Thanks	1
had a good ab	1
goodbye	1
loves	1
horrible.	0
Nothing good	0
feeling inspirational.	1
cant wait	1
? I CAN`T TALK!	0
feel bad	0
best	1
do basically nothing	0
feels at home to be back at church	1
real	1
cute dress	1
l good	1
ooo thanks for the danger radio link  loves it..	1
missing	0
you`re just unhappy	0
ht?	1
I feel sick.	0
buried	0
boo for working on a Saturday!	0
IT NEVER ENDS!!!!!	0
best	1
Sorry	0
Happy Mommy`s	1
no fair	0
good	1
cry	0
is thrilled prom went well	1
save	1
LOL!  Too true	1
welcome	1
dreading	0
uh... I brokt it...	0
excited	1
good afternoon.	1
misses	0
of mis	0
thanks Janis	1
love	1
o unfair	0
Yummm	1
blows.	0
Not nice	0
"This is not what I thought will eventually happen in my 6th grade  Awww...bad, bad"	0
hope	1
Happy mothers day in 25 minutes everyone	1
Thanks!	1
frustration.	0
wow i love how we have no headache medicine in this house.	0
Hope you mom is okay	1
love	1
Hurrah!`	1
Got an email from  telling me I could have got my monday flight to SFO cheaper & Biz class if I had booked it tomorrow	0
nevermind.	1
good	1
i love oh so much  <3	1
had an orgasmic sandwich	1
happy	1
jealous.	0
Aw! Tear! I feel special to da family.  Haha thanks girls i love yal	1
s soooo great!!!	1
Glad everything`s good.	1
AWESOME	1
Don`t think I`ll be getting my free seat	0
can`t seem to come up with thing to say	0
literally making my lips burn.	0
miss	0
misses driving already	0
good	1
say bloody fantastic film	1
e love so much.	1
OMG that is toooo funny!	1
Thanks to good friends	1
really sweet	1
l love	1
poor	0
relaxing	1
welcome	1
all systems up and running smoothly	1
U guys are AMAZING. I`ll see u again at alpine! Thx for chattin w us 2!	1
#NAME?	1
sorry	0
Thanks amigo!	1
dunno why im just not in the best of moods..	0
**** QW	0
don`t like	0
wow	1
Unfortunately	0
Amazing.	1
"h, Belinda Jensen was really goo"	1
Feeling lonely and in need a a good friend	0
Don`t worry	1
my fault. Now I`m going to look like an idiot in front of my father.	0
w sweetie....tweethug 4 ya	1
freaking awesome	1
sucks	0
love	1
thanx  your THE awesome!	1
Happy Mothers Day to all you mothers out there!!  i love my mom! GOODNIGHT everyonee!! ?	1
boak	0
that is a gr8 Show	1
Hate	0
You can`t make it down to NYC at all when I`m there huh?	0
Those suck so bad.	0
..hope you are well!	1
upset	0
Relaxing	1
best	1
crappy karaoke game. I miss the fighting	0
I haven`t had the opportunity	0
shall be awesome	1
not funny	0
sux.	0
favorite	1
Good one	1
a riot	0
aww i`m sad	0
fo	0
weak	0
much better	1
o sad	0
you sound a bit down yourself.	0
bummed	0
thank you.	1
has lost all old replies.	0
cool	1
#FAIL	0
woohoo!	1
Exams tomorrow	0
Good night	1
shitttt	0
belly ache...	0
sadness. you could hang out with me and feel less apathetic.	0
school then game oh joy  totally not lookin forward to this day	1
Haven`t seen _Troy or _McLoven	0
STAR TREK WAS PURE AWESOME! LOVE IT!!! <3333  It was so great seeing you!	1
Half Term isn`t long enough	0
w that you paved the way.	1
stuck at home	0
love	1
i thought it was an exploit attempt	0
Nice	1
love every minute of it too.	1
lose	0
after few years it can worth some thing	1
too late  I`m already on the bus goin home  what the he`ll u talkin about drinkin te	0
FRUSTRADED	0
scared.	0
I don`t like this game	0
No worries.	1
I`m actually tired enough to fall asleep	0
sad	0
! I`m just glad	1
Oh no! Hope it`s not as bad as it sounds!	1
thanx	1
I don`t do very good at funerals.	0
missing	0
Lucky...and a wife who loves me.	1
I`m quitting!	0
awesome	1
the  website may not happen in any form	0
hate	0
lets partyyyyy!	1
great	1
miss	0
welts	0
best	1
love	1
sneezy to	0
we mourn forever  ****!	0
love	1
im so sick	0
depressed	0
wonderful	1
OMG that is AWFUL!	0
excited	1
i wanted to go	1
thx	1
TY	1
HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY!!	1
Bugger  Cancel sucks!	0
going to church  god bless you all.	1
"Don`t worry,"	1
love it!	1
please?  *prays*	1
bloody	0
"tired and bored,"	0
and I`m...working.	0
a wonderful day planned for me	1
How great is the economic downturn.	1
love you	1
So excited	1
great week!	1
That sucks	0
I had fun this summer	1
hate	0
yay!	1
ignored	0
Yet another road block to cross fro my family	0
I think I did bad!!!!	0
thank you	1
ur really the sweetest person ever!	1
Thanks for remembering	1
hope	1
wish	1
has a headache already?	0
Enjoying	1
you`re a big man for embracing your tears	1
sick	0
I hate this weather  i wanna bake	0
oh i hate the rain..	0
Thanks to  for making me listening to it!	1
acting weird	0
DANG! I	0
fans	1
seems so far away...	0
burnt	0
I LOVE	1
.lol. I hope its music i`ll like.	1
NOW  IM MAD	0
auntie diane wins quote of the day 'and hes the incredible hulk'	1
frustrating?	0
sorry	0
Thanks	1
o i hate revision	0
love my family and sorors	1
helping	1
.yummmmy!	1
"o unconditonally love,"	1
thank you so much	1
bad	0
"great,"	1
y adorable children!	1
"_OfOz cool, catch you laterz!!!"	1
loved	1
feel better	1
welcome	1
HAPPY	1
Sorry	0
can`t tell you how thrilled I am to have just had a nosebleed.  first time in ages.  overjoyed doesn`t cover it.  urg	0
****	0
proud	1
SHAME	0
listening to the best days of your life	1
Happy	1
thx	1
hate	0
sucks	0
Prom was awesome.	1
I`m sure that the show will be great!!	1
m sad	0
stupid	0
Congrats!	1
My dad just told me that he wants to put me up for sale on craigslist	0
Yeah i like it	1
e likes the surprise..	1
"i misss my phone,"	0
I`m jealous.	0
**** distracting	0
great thank you	1
sadly	0
"So I took the polish off of the nail of the finger the door handle murdered earlier, and well... it`s not pretty...."	0
FUN.	1
is fairly upset	0
07  Woo hoo!  Gotta	1
dnt feel well	0
Stupid Twitter - now I`m faceless ...	0
blessed	1
missing my numero uno	0
AHH Im going crazy.	0
hate	0
exciting!	1
"Its so addicting, but its kind of a curse to do them at night time."	0
ouch acid reflux hurt	0
appreciate	1
but it aint happening	0
pain	0
"Ugh,"	0
Happy	1
doesn`t sound good!	0
not bad fo	1
im just excited	1
a great weekend	1
The apple keyboard is really cool.	1
Happy Mother`s day	1
Thxx!	1
miss	0
bbq was great... just relaxing around the house!	1
Smile. Everything worked out.	1
Messed	0
I beyond happy about that.	1
interupted	0
very interesting.	1
great	1
"awesome product, awesome prices."	1
hardly	0
Happy Mother`s Day!	1
not fair	0
priceless memories	1
no way! **** that sucks B!  are you ok	0
Happy	1
Good luck	1
sick.	0
that sucks man	0
sorry	0
should be working!!	1
i feel like dyeing right now...	0
i hope	1
Muy triste	0
obnoxiously cl	0
I ake it you`re at work then and not lazing at home on a sunny bank holiday.	1
sad	0
You know that `rule` that says always point the knife away from you? Just  learned my lesson on that one! Straight through my finger!	0
im happy again	1
loved our lil tent-side jam session/mosh pit!!! EDGEFESSSSSST!!!	1
Night love.	1
dieing	0
good luck	1
My room is too hot	0
happy mothers day!!	1
I love DVR!	1
d isn`t perfect	0
stole	0
i feel so lame	0
Enjoy your scifi show.	1
huge achievement	1
i have no money	0
love	1
why does my life suck?	0
gosh it`s anoher cloudy day	0
worst	0
fun	1
victims	0
Blushing	1
i dont like	0
like	1
awesome.	1
"creepy, slithering snakes are heading to the creek. The nasty things can swim! Frightening detail!"	0
.sadly	0
mmmm... looks so yummy! good seeing u	1
Love	1
bomb!	1
projects suck	0
op...lo	1
I must of brought the bad weather with me to the states	0
wish	1
that was reallly good	1
Sad.	0
I hate that place!	0
i miss yoooooooooooooooooooou	0
Happy Mother`s Day	1
brilliant	1
im happy you enjoyed it	1
missed	0
Loved it! You continue to delight us Amber.	1
****	0
good	1
d cost	0
thank	1
not fun.	0
has found a free wifi point ... and it`s sunny	1
Good Morning! Hope you have a great day!!	1
sick	0
LOL we`re such twitter addicts	1
Happy Mo	1
Love it.!	1
looking forward to	1
s easy	1
excited	1
I was not hugged	0
Good Mo	1
Just nicely got a 50p for the project <3	1
nothing works	0
**** Detroit Fans!!!	0
impossible	0
m sorry	0
joy	1
miss	0
_violence	0
****	0
hacked	0
"this is the worst day ever,"	0
Ugh. Kinda bored.	0
couldnt get my hips into the 14`s	0
Argh!	0
I can`t see them at all. What the heck..	0
miss	0
Mind you it`d be stupid	0
helped	1
Mom has left... again	0
Tmrw is going to suck	0
delicious	1
love	1
friendly	1
mOod. was way too much fun. lol..  I lOve to dance TEchno !!! <3 ... life.lOve.stress &&. set backs <3 gnite	1
thanks	1
hard.	0
I am so sorry.	0
missing someone!!!!	0
amazingg.	1
yummy..	1
good	1
. So I like to keep it my little secret	1
Can`t wait	1
great	1
its awful	0
! haha	1
hahaha!	1
hope	1
the definition of true beauty	1
I WON	1
back to work.. with no distractions..	1
e interested	1
shut	0
ugh.	0
loves	1
s not good	0
feel very bad	0
oh hahah thats ok then	1
"bummer,"	0
didn`t even come meet me	0
lost	0
sad	0
Time to get purrtty. *wink*	1
poor keanu	0
dangerous	0
great!	1
liking	1
headaaaaaaaaaaaache	0
happy mothers day	1
annoyed at my notebook. I know it`s old and has got wrinkles but it`s never been this slow before	0
- i like Mr Piggls I mean Pickles!!	1
I still think their disbanding is a loss.	0
dont worry im not!!! i dont get it on my tv	1
"Hey Girlie, How are you doing?"	1
"Hi Lisa, you have the most BEAUTIFUL pups! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!2 Raven, Rio& Thors WONDERFUR mama!!  *kittykisses*"	1
Awesome	1
(hopefully good) news is coming (hopefully soon) from someone I know... once again may the *happydance* commence	1
happy!	1
Good	1
sucked	0
missing	0
I loved	1
Omg I	0
r miss	0
she misses Quil so...	0
shocked	0
love	1
unfortuantley	0
sometimes i think you hate me because you never reply back to me	0
blessed	1
scary	0
my picture isnt showing up	0
hope you`re all right.	1
sad assembly  next block	0
.good	1
miss	0
missing out on all the sunshine!	0
is feeling waaay too cruisey and relaxed fo	1
upset	0
Trending topics for the fun	1
. Wish	1
afraid	0
we love	1
hurts..	0
missing	0
? Thanks	1
enjoy	1
epic	1
s bad	0
I love	1
bored	0
wtf I wanna go hooooommmeeee!	0
I need words of inspiration	1
happiness!	1
too sweet	1
do not know how to close doors	0
My throat hurts	0
He is no prize.	0
My son had surgery yesterday so mommy and son time won`t be as long today	0
much better day..	1
man i missed it!!	0
wish	1
ol..I think it somehow help	1
Goodnight	1
"Back in lancaster bored already, can`t wait to start work! Missing hel!"	0
pretty awesome.	1
sad	0
lame.	0
d month	1
lucky	1
"Thanks to TweetStats, I confirmed what I long suspected: Twitter is keeping me up way too late!"	0
no labels?  Sorry I know I`m really needy.	0
shannon Happy Birthday!!!!	1
and its over now	0
ugh!	0
"<3 I`m watching the Audio Commentary, it`s sooo funny"	1
goddamn	0
Legs are hurting because I was standing up all day.	0
swearing.	0
bad	0
really bad	0
for a fun group	1
"I`d help you if I weren`t poorer than you lol! I`m mexican living in .mx, which automatically makes me 13 times poorer"	0
"Just got done with my first day of work and is exsausted, sweaty, and chalky."	0
you enj	1
sick!	0
loved	1
love	1
in lo	1
: thanks!	1
love	1
Is losing money in Vegas...	0
stupid	0
He is so silly.	0
just making me want to throw up!	0
it feels like ages away!	0
you are a good child.	1
Chillin	1
addicted	0
Be beautiful	1
sweet	1
i cannot deal	0
aww	0
hate	0
im bored.	0
happy mothers day	1
g I love it!	1
is ignorin	0
bestest	1
hate	0
sorry im not sure when your shows are over there! miss you	0
that is really brilliant!	1
amazing	1
awkwardly.	0
good	1
m sorry	0
pain	0
fuming over ebay purchase gone bad.	0
poor little knee	0
s pretty awesome.	1
Antony and the Johnsons tonight. Woohoo!!	1
"but sadly, i cannot"	0
thanks	1
so far.	0
YAY	1
So so happy to be with  - she even makes doing laundry wonderful	1
sick	0
lovely	1
"harsh,"	0
best	1
shes so cute when shes sleepy	1
i want to see you all our twittering is making me miss you	0
Happy	1
yuck	0
World`s Happiest Places	1
genius	1
My truss failing	0
"BAH,"	0
ere AMAZIN	1
I hate when I can`t stop thinking!	1
you are adorable	1
great	1
feels bad	0
awesome!	1
sooo awesome!!	1
I am so sorry!!  That really sucks	0
Crappy	0
**** elora danan are breaking up  too and im missing their last nsw show too  def need to hit up melbs !! someone come with	0
crying	0
goodnight	1
o lazy	0
I will help	1
Yay	1
Such a beautiful sunny autumn day	1
neglected	0
miss him way to much... just cnt stop thinking of him	0
HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY !!	1
retarded	0
i lovebank holiday mondays	1
bored.	0
having bad day	0
Thanks	1
I`m fine thx.	1
l die	0
fun	1
OMG I`M SOO EXCITED!	1
l sad	0
hard	0
fun day	1
awessomee!	1
Ahhh...can`t do this one.	0
goodgirl	1
miss	0
isnt working	0
good	1
When God created man i also believed he created a million people to get on ya **** for a laff	0
horrible	0
energy	1
hurts.	0
Im bored	0
nice	1
rock	1
love	1
Missing	0
sorry	0
?  Missing you  SADS	0
head ach	0
Thanks	1
Love it	1
sad..	0
Subway was bomb!	1
My car is broken.	0
thank you ba	1
is aweso	1
Poor	0
amazing	1
I have been sick	0
"But it is our reality  , we must survive. What doesn`t kills, makes stronger"	1
forgot	0
I hope so!	1
like	1
not so well ri	0
Wide awake. Wishing I wasn`t. **** nightshift routines. Got turned down for the job in Nashville  oh well	0
Great Summer Ge	1
"Happy monday folks,"	1
?  sorr	0
doesn`t make up	0
missed	0
late!.	0
kill	0
e don`t like	0
getting dinner ready not much going on in my life it seems	0
ah what a lovely day for a bike ride and cake making  *is rooting 4 those who are revising!* do your best! X	1
died	0
. you are correct to say that.	1
hurts!	0
i hope my morning show doesn`t get cancelled!	1
I love you!	1
**** these xams!!	0
Nursing my sick guniea pig back to health  and my cat is being jealous	0
Going to bed. Goodnight!  x	1
Enjoy	1
Hopefully	1
happy	1
mine too <3	1
wouldn`t help.	0
rs!  have fun	1
miss	0
welcome!	1
I`m with you.	1
Wow	1
****!	0
"Sadly, all I have is the Stanley Steemer 800 number."	0
down.	0
"Surprisingly (perhaps), it`s good"	1
i am so stressed and sad about pugsly missing.	0
e great	1
damp.	0
shower is slow and the toilet sux and the bed is tiny!	0
depressed	0
Hva gr8 shw 2nyt	1
Love	1
` awesome	1
shame.	0
Aww sad  now	0
Awesome	1
Cool!	1
! That`s awesome	1
Missin my boo	0
fine!	1
luckiest girl	1
she`s been awesome	1
Lovely walk this morning with the missus; drizzle didn`t matter	1
would never reply back	0
Goodnight twitter world!	1
My arms are sore  Bad times.	0
Thanks babes.	1
barked	0
pissing	0
No food...no bed...no problem. No Facebook or Twitter...  Pray for us.	0
good	1
stopped working	0
s wrong	0
good	1
Hurt	0
Chillin on here	1
fail	0
hate	0
playing with  on a cool new website.	1
i miss dada	0
Happy Mother`s Day!	1
My storm is acting up	0
"fun night tonight,"	1
I feel really feckin tired	0
stuck	0
That sucks.	0
cool!	1
s killing	0
fun.	1
That was quite hard to watch	0
miss	0
one of the best shows on earth	1
I`m proud of You	1
crisps	0
despite the heater it gets too chilly at night	0
aw.  I`m glad you do	1
e joy	1
mummy you are the best	1
Ohhhhh how I miss the Brunch	0
ies fan also! Boo Ho	1
Enjoying	1
Thanx	1
great actress	1
can`t say I`m too happy	0
I hope so	1
sorry.	0
not feeling well	0
omg trying to fix pic but its not working!!!! ugh also mom wont let me sleep over sanzz!!!!!  bad day!!!!	0
celebrating mothers` day in 3 generations.	1
i broke down	0
they were having problems before.	0
I just wanna be alone	0
"haha great day, I love my life!"	1
something wrong wi	0
hard.	0
my idea of a perfect woman	1
Bummer..	0
what a sweety!!!!	1
two of my favourite	1
", bad"	0
i have not been productive at all.	0
miss	0
good	1
i feel left out	0
Happy	1
lovely	1
good	1
No but this is our poor week	0
day thank you so mu	1
I love beans on toast. SO CUTE!	1
why am i up so early	0
not having any luck	0
not nice!	0
no go	0
very depressing place	0
"I`m so happy you`re mine again,"	1
finally arrived!	1
thank	1
! tear	0
confused.	0
happy	1
I`m sure she`ll love it!	1
I can`t be mean without you.	0
tired.	0
tired	0
happy	1
hopefully all comes in favor	1
decent	1
Respect	1
"He looks  good in bret, LOV HIM WHY cancelled concert in france i was ready men"	1
happy	1
loveeeeeeee	1
Did not disappoint!  5 star!!	1
Thanks	1
finally got	1
Good	1
double yay!	1
wondering	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
uber cool	1
starving	0
best	1
dying	0
Great cover	1
blatently	0
likee you	1
s shouldn`t have buzzed	0
Stooopid LIME aka Cable and Wireless and have them reconnect my interent 2 day without net  sads	0
Rejecting	0
Happy Star Wars Day	1
we can`t wait to see you	1
HAPPY MOTHER`S DAYYY!	1
Im glad to entertain ye	1
amazing	1
the day off bad. missed the UP screening  this morning at the el capitan	0
better	1
thanks	1
We miss him.	0
unfortunately	0
I liked it tho	1
they hated me	0
Awwww	0
anerexic	0
Tataindicom is not as good as Tatasky  Airtel broadband is better.	1
Happy	1
great!	1
i feel like I`m on house arrest.	0
legend! I	1
I really miss my phone	0
It`s a pleasure	1
sorry to hear that	0
stuck	0
haha! nice! Have fun doll! Hopefully I`ll see ya soon! I miss ur face!	1
you are such a beautiful bride!	1
love	1
Thats good!  Keep it up guys! Would love to come down and visit sonetime	1
amazing	1
Poor	0
taking FOREVER!	0
I have no proof against all you non-believers!	0
awe thanks	1
funny.	1
"That part was hilarious, of course, the whole thing was hilarious"	1
i liked	1
f irresponsible	0
hurting.	0
it`s awesome!	1
* I`m glad	1
LOVE	1
Hooray	1
That`s really bad.	0
funnyy!	1
.hope	1
as more fun	1
but no one`s going with me	0
May the 4th be with me today as I round off the weekend with one more session - happy 4th y`all from the Fintster	1
Awwwwwwww man my baby dried up.	0
v v bad sunburn	0
dope background	1
hell	0
miss	0
Hopefully	1
Roommate is sssnoring :/ And my throat is so dry	0
sick on wifes bday=	0
"quality has gone down hill,"	0
Cute	1
#NAME?	0
dammit! hu	0
good..	1
It suck	0
Miss	0
nice.	1
reunited	1
outsider..	0
"great,"	1
a wasn`t a good	0
"I love Mindy, She is my favorite employee"	1
sad	0
Man with a great sense of humour..	1
sad	0
Happy	1
aww bless her  give her a chance ..	1
sad	0
my new picture won`t upload!!!	0
kicked	0
Mostly I`m hoping it goes quickly.	1
have a nice day	1
love it!	1
burned	0
thank you. We had a blast	1
great	1
cold as heck...	0
"Happy Mother`s Day,"	1
favorite	1
I love your tweets... Your sweet	1
GREG NOOOOO DON LEAVE ME  U SHUD HAVE GONE THROOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! im gonna find u restaurant don`t worry lol  cry cry cry	0
Going to be a strange weekend.	0
love	1
stupid	0
sad.	0
ugly.	0
panic	0
i don`t think i`m going to get	0
I love	1
gooooood morning	1
goodnight	1
surgury after heart attack	0
good person	1
sad	0
It`s a fun fun feelin`	1
miss	0
it`s not looking good	0
gets worse	0
hoping it	1
yay dad agreed to pay for my tuition	1
Scared	0
I miss you	0
its sad that the rats are becoming aggressive against the guinea pigs. I have to seperate them.	0
Great	1
Daddy just left.................without me  http://yfrog.com/13pdrmj	0
love	1
tired	0
I`m really happy...and drunk  but really happy	1
excited for a fun weekend wi	1
"sorry,"	0
why the hell	0
he bes	1
i didnt get the joke	0
ignored.	0
Sorry!	0
Happy mama`s day to all the mamas.	1
Looking forward	1
those are the worst. Mine used to be really bad on the first day..sometimes can`t even get out of bed.	0
sorry	0
Had so much fun with jï¿½ and family  Happy bday my beautiful aunt! s2	1
blocked	0
love	1
So sad	0
S YOU NEED TO WIN	1
awful.	0
if not idgaf	0
o funny	1
sad	0
Not that funny!	0
a great idea.	1
e sad	0
Stupid	0
commands	0
loved	1
wtf	0
Little desire to do it all.	0
i take it you`re not a fan	0
Thank God	1
Sad babies	0
Dude you are awesome	1
"fantastic,"	1
good	1
I`m missing the boat part	0
I`m an incredibly happy person with 100% energy. Love to dance & laugh...t	1
lovely	1
hate	0
r! i hate that son	0
"Awww, thanks Jon!  I appreciate that"	1
tired!	0
Sometimes i feel pathetic going to bed so early. Oh	0
good	1
.im greeting in advance! haha	1
terrorizing	0
love it! Really its simple i think of a word and put twi on the front i should be more clever	1
have a safe flight...	1
enjoying life  partying tonight.	1
y excited	1
perfect!	1
s suggesting	1
ughhhh	0
d it was 2 late	0
Great.	1
m smiling	1
not fun	0
awww bless him	1
sorry	0
suck	0
sadly	0
Happy Mother`s Day to	1
HAPPY	1
I was thinking the swine markets are in decline. But since we can`t say that anymore...	0
Shes my only last one	0
cant	0
enjoy	1
love	1
cancelled on me	0
I am glad you are getting into your twittering	1
"LOVE her,she`s my"	1
Aww ya not showing off all us mums should be proud of ours kids and let everyone know it	1
I miss nicc today.	0
Beautiful!	1
wish	1
discover a whole new beautiful you	1
SUCKS!!	0
"Alex slammed her head into the edge of the table about 30 min ago.  She`s going to have a nice, blue bruise."	0
y amazing mother.	1
yay!	1
ahh i love u! u got a twitterrr	1
Ugh... Waiting.... Interminable...	0
s beautiful	1
****..	0
"its ridiculous, and my Saturday is going to suck wi"	0
Ahh! my right kidney hurts soooo bad!!! Ooommmmggggg!!!!	0
Cute	1
survive	1
laughs!	1
awesome	1
Poor	0
Thanks	1
excited	1
Just paid my bills now I have no money	0
Oh yess	1
mad	0
good	1
enjoys	1
i hate	0
"hella good,"	1
sad	0
cute..	1
I don`t know how to quit you-b	0
i liked it! what a colorful place. such a happy atmosphere	1
"idk lol my head hurts. rly bad. & so does my stomach... hmm... personally, i think its from all the #s ive had 2 deal wit"	0
thnx	1
hurt	0
miss my	0
m bored	0
hope	1
"thank you,"	1
wish	1
"Big Laptop is too big,"	1
I love yo	1
Good	1
bad	0
i`m lonely.  i need some hug.	0
hurts so bad!	0
burned	0
hurt	0
"omg! is it mine? omg that`s so gross, I`m so sorry! I TOTALLY forgot about it until JUST now!"	0
great	1
Welcome	1
ur welcome sweetie	1
pathetic	0
Thanks!	1
it doesn`t even have a scroll ball.	0
I`m thankful.	1
wooo...my luck is done	0
ll doesnt deserv	0
happy mothers day to	1
do not feel good	0
"rocks,"	1
woo!	1
Sweet!	1
"sad,"	0
happy	1
i`m so lame	0
suck it up	0
what`s going on sweetheart?	1
dreary	0
g`nite	1
weird	0
Wow! I am so proud  Its great.	1
phone does not work	0
pretty burnt	0
e funnnn	1
not good enough	0
.sweet dreams.	1
I feel a little lonely...	0
I`m sick!  it sucks!	0
e death of me I swear!	0
love yo	1
stupid channel	0
plus.. janessa hurt my feelings	0
Gahh ! This weather sucksss !	0
no party this weekend	0
keep telling yourself you`ll feel better by doing it and tomorrow can be a lazy day... it is Sunfay afterall	1
Damnit.	0
Thanks	1
y good	1
****	0
#Java is not working - hmph!  Can`t upload photos to #Facebook.	0
not really fair.	0
that`s bad luck!	0
depressing.	0
is so glad the weekend is here.	1
amazing	1
oh no! Poor thing keep us posted.	0
er lovess	1
that`s right	1
HAPPY MOTHER DAY TO ALL THE MOTHER`S IN THE ENTIRE WORLD WE DESERVED A DAY JUST FOR US RIGHT...	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
uuuugh	0
Thank you.	1
want to go back	1
accomplish a **** thing.	0
wish	1
Made even worse th	0
dissapointment	0
goodness	1
wish u was ere.	1
difficulties	0
I`m having a problem	0
architecture is nice an	1
sick.	0
they were kinda pissed	0
i will convo you	1
feels guility	0
stuffed	0
great	1
thanks	1
Just had an amazinq qirls-niqht-out. I quess its always qreat to have an excuse to wear tiny dresses & heels	1
Did I mention I feel like ****	0
wish	1
i`m nerrrvous	0
I don`t find this stuff amusing	0
thanks	1
congratulations!	1
good	1
ay I STILL MISS waking up to your pleasant personalit	1
w i dk what to do	0
o torture	0
really sick	0
!i feels great	1
I really like tw	1
Is sick.	0
gloomy	0
proud	1
!! People are so mean	0
of issue	0
Happy Mother`s Day	1
Theres a spider above my bed  calming my fears by listening to greeeeen day<	1
It is kind of lonely when nobody will answer their phone.	0
love	1
Ok so I`m **** hungry....!  I`m fat I know..I know..! Aha	0
unappealing	0
nervous	0
lifesaver:	1
success!	1
y I`m not going to be much help...	0
like	1
#NAME?	1
*old me`s dead and gon	0
Happy	1
thanks	1
t gets a second chance to perform again	1
head hurts and I feel sick	0
interesting	1
dont want to go into work	0
Has a bad headache	0
whoohoo!	1
Thanks!	1
not a fun day	0
i`m sure will be amazing.please just replay to me  i love you so much!!!!	1
work suckd..	0
great day	1
Lindsay we are your spanish fansite and we love you www.ultimatelohan.org please reply us  I wish you a good flight <3	1
more and more excited	1
its getting very annoying!	0
Gmorning	1
stop	0
best present ever! Have fun breakfast hunting!	1
"r fevered imagination,"	0
pampering wi	1
I really am sorry.	0
s?  Now I`m curious as hel	1
headache	0
Sad	0
best excited	1
beautiful	1
stupid	0
Thanks!	1
Aww	1
really gooood	1
HAPPY	1
love	1
eliminated	0
are delicio	1
bored	0
is picking up!	1
Happy	1
nice	1
Feeling considerably better	1
wishes her love was coming home	1
Been great to hear a lot of others suggestions - some pretty great stuff!	1
do NOT feel good	0
ditch	0
Superb.	1
he is an ****.	0
sad	0
special!	1
. hopefully	1
would LOVE to though!	1
a great deal of money?	1
I guess I fail  -cries-	0
? Glad	1
honest	1
Wow.. TAGers ROCK!!!  Awesome performance	1
N sounds cool!!	1
RIP	0
miss	0
"happy mother`s day, mommy!"	1
really good job!	1
.  Too bad	0
That`s very nice of him.	1
suck!	0
e crazy	0
thanks!	1
IT DIDN`T WORK	0
Enjoy	1
wonder	0
doomed	0
Hiiiiii! I texted u the other day and u didn`t respond  what`s up with that?!	0
Sometimes I miss teaching & messing with bad system	0
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommies!	1
beauty	1
sucks.	0
Even though she don`t be showin love no more	0
Happy	1
Like the pic BTW	1
is sad	0
best	1
horrifying	0
good	1
good luck tomorrow	1
.oh man..	0
Hooray!	1
miss	0
yah haha	1
happy	1
never becomes familiar	0
Sunburned on my face & legs.	0
.I love you guys	1
wow that is a great list.	1
Birmingham was my 1st love.	1
wants to hang out with friends SOON!	1
rarely enough	0
e sad	0
is incredibly worried about Stanley...	0
mean	0
nice	1
Just lost an hours work due to server issues	0
I lov	1
Boreedd	0
ridiculously	0
w i have no internet right now	0
So far everybody look good !	1
Its finally working for me!!	1
Miss	0
Lots of memories	1
d miss U	0
it made me hungry	0
Good morning	1
lucky.	1
bummed	0
believe	1
too slow	0
lacking	0
"I know, they`re ****."	0
undertanding none of it  ... HELP!	0
a the best place ever	1
u  #awesomeupdater	1
Oh no!!  Hope you get better for your show in Argentina! Good luck!	1
miss	0
crappy	0
Really worth watching at the cinema.  Mum really enjoyed	1
funny	1
Kinda may have chickened out..	0
you`ve gotten better	1
tired.	0
This palmade stuffs pretty cool	1
saddest	0
confusing!	0
love	1
"****,"	0
they failed	0
So bored  waiting for class to start. Sigh midterms next week >_<	0
is having awesome fruits and vegetable juice	1
decrease	0
feel dpressed	0
"hahahahaha,"	1
Happy Mothers Day	1
i`m SO full	0
Disturbed. They sold the baby tiger I met in Thailand as an exotic pet. Greedy bastards	0
sorry about	0
good. that was the intent.	1
bahaha	1
sloooooooooowlyyyyyyyyyyyyy	0
Thank	1
shame	0
hate	0
so we don`t annoy our followers. Thought of that too late.    Good nigh	1
Great	1
I feel like I have to throw up.	0
"yea it looks good,"	1
Date Like A Man So You Dont Get Played Like A ****	0
Good Luck.	1
"have fun partying tonight,"	1
welcome!	1
cause I`m sick.	0
whats wrong with my flickr	0
unrelated	0
**** week all **** week  off	0
tasty.	1
Happy	1
sad	0
Lovin`	1
a big thank you	1
Miss	0
Chilling	1
"Hey, nothing wrong with that!"	1
nice	1
OKOK.. i am feeling fresh again	1
"cute,"	1
.****.	0
HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY	1
liked	1
tired	0
wish you all the best	1
a HUGE fan	1
I love being able to do what I want	1
you didn`t do anything wrong.	1
running SOOO SLOW	0
All alone cuz no one will go with me	0
st mea	0
.wish	1
worth	1
Rohan woke up unhappy at midnight.	0
that`s awesome.	1
not a good	0
mistake	0
Ugh.	0
"I gave up cable in these tough economic times.  it was either cable or shoes, and you know what cable los"	1
its easier to login every day	1
only 0 thing about the trip	0
cute	1
wrecked	0
Happy	1
poor	0
I missed you today...I know you must feel very tired.	0
impressed	1
you r not a loser u drove 8 hours in a day.. U need rest  of was it 2 days? I`m still tired lol	1
Last time i`ll see her in a while	0
d thanks	1
Gotta miss baseball	0
WEAK!	0
waaa th	0
l sorry	0
Good	1
A fantastic night with fantastic people... and fantastic food!!	1
I need to relocate to the west coast.. This weather here is killin me!!	0
good.	1
"good times, good times   At work"	1
dead	0
awesome!	1
sad	0
love	1
Nothing but Efteling-fun !!	1
idiot	0
im SOOOOO hungry&i miss alaska	0
is a bit of a letdown.	0
really good ab	1
Twitter truly is....AWESOME!	1
Daaaaang.	0
thanks	1
loves the smell of roast in the oven - thanks  for the ideas!	1
thank	1
clocked out fo	0
. Lover	1
no fun	0
yes they ARE!!	1
thanks so much!	1
collapses	0
he BEST!	1
how was a success.	1
good	1
Busy day! No time to	0
mourning	0
i`m gonna miss you. ily<	1
so i cant	0
weirdos	0
.. Grea	1
cute	1
I miss	0
"congratulations,"	1
june gloom has arrived	0
a good	1
You`re welcome.	1
happy	1
that`s no right	0
happy **** ****!	1
fab.	1
enjoy	1
greeting again every momma : Happy Momma`s Day!	1
a good morning!	1
an idiot..	0
second best	1
oh geez i`ll feel so stupid	0
'That page doesn`t exist! '	0
tired	0
"claire  love the show, got into the office"	1
", **** off! I`m stuck in"	0
WARNINGS.	0
special	1
wonderful	1
a good flick	1
real fun begin!	1
finally got to see you	1
great fans here!	1
s NO WAYYY I couldn`t `tune in`	0
poor	0
nice	1
still sick	0
Sorr	0
sorry	0
not having a good day.	0
Thank	1
much better to me.	1
a lovely	1
salute	1
you were interested..	1
****	0
the there`s confuse me	0
i miss my husband	0
"ur welcome, sweet dreams!"	1
be cute to do a little picture	1
..hey happy mothers day to your mom	1
I hate crowds	0
. I love him	1
good	1
e funny	1
sorry	0
sad!	0
worried	0
crazy party 2nite! thanks  4 driving me home!	1
e fun	1
"cool beans,"	1
Goood	1
happy Mother`s Day	1
broke	0
Sorry	0
like spirits	1
Happy Mo	1
my brain does rock!  I am happy to share my knowledge with you Carrie	1
I`m scared	0
sorry	0
there is always tomor	1
I don`t want to get fat.	0
still bad tho!	0
Had a nice visit	1
I love strawberries!!	1
#excited	1
i feel like **** right now and i have one more month of school left  FML HARD	0
st harde	0
aww i hope it does fly by because JT episodes are usually really good (and it`s early but so far this ep hassn`t disappointed)	1
glad	1
s to be cool	1
hate wo	0
problems	0
"loser,"	0
fab	1
wouldn`t feed us	0
lost	0
of course i really hope that this would be his real twitter page! that would be soo cool	1
it`s the worst feeling waking up and still feeling full  euggh	0
good	1
High  Yay!	1
That`s gorgeous.	1
dumb reason	0
Can`t believe this ****!	0
you are just wrong!	0
Hope he doesn``t get in trouble	1
i like	1
not convinced	0
awesome!	1
cries	0
Greastest Hits	1
"Well, my aunts dog died. I understand how devastated she is. I`ll probably head over there soon for support"	0
I hate it	0
glad	1
fun!!	1
Awesomeness.	1
dead	0
sorry you`re feeling under!	0
there`s not many things better than sleeping with my windows open	1
Nice	1
homesick	0
"excited about CWPM tomorrow.. only one member is going but still , its a good start"	1
lonely.	0
cute	1
I love	1
fun night	1
"Yay, my train is late... It starts here but it`s 15 mins late arriving from London in the first place"	0
awful	0
feel sooo bad	0
OMG! I KNOW!  I give myself a stroke everytime I go getting mad at them.	0
es. thank	1
hate	0
****	0
"Germany loves you,"	1
no food	0
l I start crying. Love this place so much.	1
they all left	0
haha	1
I`m bored at work	0
WTF	0
lonley	1
i seriously need to live somewhere fabulously queer. i miss being around **** people	0
cute	1
loves it th	1
love	1
headache.	0
a noob	0
who loves his mum	1
sorry	0
not impressed..	0
miss	0
pretty	1
.sorry abt nt gettin in touch..was hectic	0
AWESOME.	1
i have runny nose... i can`t breathe.. terrible feeling...	0
What a fun night	1
love	1
You are pretty man..	1
i want one so bad  get one for me	1
Stupid	0
Im really excited! cant wait	1
I miss my baby	1
i do not feel missed.	1
Thank you for the follow friday love	1
Happy	1
Someone keyed my car.	0
im bored	0
wtf at facebook spam	0
I LOVE LA!	1
miss hur loads	0
thanks!	1
i cant remember ever falling this hard..	0
Goddamnit!	0
great	1
not happy.	0
"congrats to the A`s!! ugh, we still have til the end of june"	1
@ work do not feel like bein in dis **** today	0
I still can`t believe it.	1
yay!	1
Good	1
died at once.	0
fantastic	1
Yay!	1
really appreciate	1
Packing  I don`t like it..	0
Sorry	0
Its so pretty!	1
i HATE when i see pregnant women smokinggg!!!!	0
"Misses JP  I do not know what to do and iv given myself a headache thinking about it, just makes me want to cry"	0
ignore	0
Mourning	0
happy	1
leaving now  dont miss me too much tweetbeaks <3	0
aww lovely!	1
booored.	0
Sorry	0
good..	1
Thanks	1
making me a sick panda	0
tonight is a good night	1
d stinks	0
ughhhhhhhh i don`t feel good	0
I might give it another go.	1
Thanks!	1
hurting	0
! good luck	1
miss	0
"happier,"	1
love	1
! I love reviewing free apps	1
still not done.	0
it`s the rotten law of averages	0
. No cuties for me	0
sweet	1
DANG	0
You`re a real ****. I`m gonna slap you in public.	0
I can`t feel the weekend fever anymore when everyday is  a day off	0
Love you so much.	1
with ma fave cousins at	1
Goodmorning	1
All the money in the world could never make me as happy as being a stay-at-home mom with my son	1
can you say emotional? im really gonna miss mh	0
not good	0
Happy moms day	1
LOVE'	1
goodnight..	1
****	0
we are winners!!	1
i heard it is not illegal unless you are caught	0
`m so sa	0
Stupid net went down..	0
FUN	1
"Yaaaaaaay,"	1
**** i hate when the strawberries run out in my special K	0
great	1
never answer me back	0
a great flight!	1
u enjoy	1
boring	0
"bgt was crying, it was so sad"	0
Enjoy	1
poor other people	0
I`m	0
A very special HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY to all Mommies!	1
I just failed my second year of med school.	0
y I ho	1
wonderful breakfast!!	1
I`m hurt	0
So sorry to hear that - what a disaster	0
are so slow!	0
"finally, so nice"	1
Happy	1
I don`t have time to work on it anymore	0
not feeling well.	0
"morning world, is raining 2day so revision don`t seem so tough,"	1
awsome!	1
brave	1
Good	1
Sounds like you got a fan	1
st jokin	1
LOVE  LOVE him.	1
she was performing at the lifeball in vienna this year but unfortunately i didn`t get the chance to see her.	0
great	1
sick	0
forgot	0
"First one is priceless, but the speedo is great, too.  Kudos to mom"	1
I know  It **** sucks. anyway you can get a fake id or something?	0
? i dontlike the fact	0
nice	1
..i`m just tired..	0
woohoo!	1
bored.	0
I couldn`t catch it.	0
He brings SOOO much joy!!	1
amazing	1
"ugh,"	0
cute!	1
happy birthday justin! have a lof of fun!!! God bless	1
fun	1
fun fun	1
I like that quote.	1
Yes I think it`s safe to say she is at the same popularity level today as always.	1
Happy mothers dayyy	1
really desappointed..	0
i loooooove	1
fun	1
Sad Carrie can`t come	0
o sad	0
regretting	0
dead	0
she`s doing good!	1
****-i	0
lol Go	1
sick	0
hate	0
beautiful day	1
Drew`s new songs make me cry.  I miss Thomas already!	0
****..	0
#NAME?	1
I don`t get why	0
. Thnx for asking lol I will be fine	1
thanku  cooking is simple but the law is- u hve to have fun while u make it	1
"Happy Mother`s Day, Moms!!! You are wonderful!! Have a great day"	1
AHHHHHHH!!!!! its my 16th birthday  And i cant belive i found out im seeing yous tonight  Best present everr!!! <333333333	0
Wish I was in Chicago.	1
I`m so exited!	1
Good	1
"Good plan,"	1
Ouch.	0
laugh	1
happy	1
love	1
forgot	0
sigh)	0
headach	0
t dying out anytime soon	0
I dont want to be ugly	0
haha  goodnight	1
Im glad i can make sumone smile	1
fun	1
he must be growing fast	1
pains	0
I`m afraid your comments on MP`s expenses were hopelessly out of touch with the average person average salary. V.insensitive	0
HATE	0
ooo how i love a bank holiday  x	1
**** night.	0
Happy Mother`s Day	1
good	1
that really hurt!!!	0
I really need to go with you	1
sad	0
is thinking WOW	1
If my phone dies I will die too!	0
miss	0
happy mothers day	1
was not an	0
Unlucky	0
g embarrassing	0
I Hate	0
good	1
annoyed	0
"Flat is sparkling clean,"	1
poor	0
futile!	0
best mom`s day present ever!	1
it was spectacular!	1
fun.	1
happy	1
sh is so cute!!	1
hate	0
problem.	0
crying	0
good	1
we havent talked in like 3 days!	0
love	1
Today is just not my day.	0
yea. I was off today luv. I shudve told u.   anything exciting happen yet. And I saw u last nigh	1
upset	0
finally found what I wanted ..	1
Good luck with the footage	1
No money	0
a tried to make it sound	0
. Hopefully	1
"I missed you yesterday, Lacey.    We get to go to granulation tonight, though"	0
I love the internet!	1
i ha	0
love.	1
gorgeous	1
Thanks	1
Happy	1
Went to see 'UP'. It was a really good movie that pulls at the heart strings  i highly recommend it	1
omg garbo fake playing during one of the songs	0
Perfect! Thank you.	1
i hope you feel better	1
a great	1
great show today	1
THE BEST ANIMATED MOVIE EVER	1
wow	1
****. My friend`s in such a state and I don`t know how to help him. Nothing I say seems to be helping and I wish I knew what to say	0
broken	0
s cool	1
support you	1
my memory sucks.	0
surprised	1
Hope	1
"im chillin right now,"	1
"i feel extra-nauseous all of a sudden,"	0
miss	0
"Love is an air-conditioner on a hot day...a heater on a cold day...and a warm body in bed any day  -  yep, me again"	1
glad	1
"worse,"	0
hurting..	0
i loved it.	1
Oops	0
happy	1
they be all dead and stuff	0
wonderful	1
y allergies kick	0
It didn`t listen	0
"I will, n btw happy mothers day sissy"	1
thanks	1
You are welcome.	1
love	1
interesting	1
hope you have a great day tomorrow!	1
I`m in desperate need of an adjustment.	0
"Alas,"	0
don`t like	0
Bah I don`t think `s FB fan page will get to 7500	0
Last night was fun w	1
Enjoying the ride while being enlightened and inspired by letters to a young sister!!  Thx Hill.	1
upset	0
Thanks!	1
love	1
Enjoy your drink	1
HAD TO SIT IN LIBRARY FOR A LONG TIME	0
at home. have very sore feet. and am sad because the sale of my grandas house just went through. miss you	0
RIOT!	0
love you	1
. I don`t want to be left in our home by myself	0
Grrr.	0
amazing	1
hey thanks mate	1
hurts	0
hurt	0
r joy!	1
pretty	1
I have too much homework to do today	0
depressed;	0
...there are many cool	1
Thanxxx	1
so pointlesss.	0
good	1
ICant Wait That Long.	0
happy	1
sad?	0
amaze	1
great mood!	1
d thanks	1
Snap.	0
they decide to roast me.	0
good time	1
Good movie.	1
NFG were super amazing!	1
Fun	1
destroy	0
good	1
finally gone!!!	1
gift	1
lucky girl!!	1
RIP Michael	0
Dont worry man.	1
miss	0
SICK again	0
Don`t worry this won`t dampen my day and neither will the rain	1
"_21Thanks,"	1
Still good though	1
aww how cute  I like that song a lot	1
I feel dumb	0
not having a good day at all...	0
"Ashlie, thank you.  You made me feel a little better."	1
darn	0
fabulous.	1
"feels very, very rough!"	0
great	1
thanks	1
worried	0
Finally	1
add me up: http://profiles.friendster.com/americanidolislove  friendster.	1
you got ittt!	1
Sowwy!	0
. we were the final stage guinea pigs  it seriously is a waste of tim	0
dude i am so sorry!	0
! love ya	1
Disappointment really sucks!	0
great day	1
sicker	0
Now I`m starving and can`t find anything to eat!	0
Healthy	1
obsessed  xD I miss them soooooo much!	0
"Whered you end up going? I stayed in & watched SNL, one of the funnier shows theyve done this season."	1
I am totally knackered	0
So sorry	0
ammmmazing!	1
it just might work.	1
"OOOPS AGAIN,"	0
stuck	0
INconvenient...	0
worse	0
'arrest her'	0
Thanks for tweeting a very useful set	1
Very nice!	1
Thankyou.	1
I want to wish all the Mommy`s a happy mothers day!	1
Thanks	1
gahh!!	0
happy	1
hope	1
I`m bare behind	0
Worried	0
Nofair!	0
Happy Tweeting	1
best!	1
good catch!	1
holyyyyyyy	1
what has happened to me	0
"much more injustice than we can imagine now. It will get worse before it gets better, I am afraid. No doubt here. Sorry"	0
That is really sad	0
IIII know!!! and mean	1
Good times	1
Ugh!	0
feeling nice..	1
iPhone just fell	0
accadentally	0
you don`t do sympathy very well	0
FunFunFun!	1
bulky	0
sore	0
Ugh that walmart was so hot	0
yearling in pet home died... very sad for their whole family	0
Good morning	1
bruised	0
thank	1
slow answerer!	0
I hope	1
l good	1
Ughh I wish this weekend was over alreadi!	0
Good morning	1
happy birthday!	1
how depressing	0
decreasing	0
can`t enjoy it anyways	0
. Very sad	0
super	1
I can`t get any work done.	0
suck.	0
have a great Mom`s Day	1
let`s hope so	1
na b nervvoouus	0
My kind of night	1
I willdo anythig to go to the show	1
", is there a serial card fraudster on the loose?"	0
looking forward to	1
not enough weird horror movies.	0
crying.	0
****	0
is very bad.-	0
happy	1
you`re everything to me DE	1
ve thank	1
Thanks so much	1
heart broken here	0
bang!	1
Good luck!	1
hope you al have a lovely	1
e just amazing	1
mum just made me cry coz she said something so sweet to me  i love her so much! MUMS ARE THE BEST!	1
great	1
So bored in chem n im super hungry! Ugh	0
cute!	1
love the background. way way cool!	1
loneliness	0
i wasted a cute outfit on... sitting on my **** on twitter!!	0
"greaaat,"	1
Happy	1
odd weather	0
much hotter	0
So tired n dizzy	0
Ugggh school is so boring!	0
enjoy	1
"My bed had tha nerve 2 call my blackberry askin me where the hell I was.......looks like I gotta go ya`ll  I`ll c u in 3.5hours, after nap"	0
Oowweee!!! China club wuz poppin!!! Lipstic n Pumps were in full effect!	1
injury	0
Hope	1
missing	0
harder	0
such a horrible dayy	0
"i love you,"	1
So sorry about	0
Hurrah	1
May	1
? Must be hard	0
Happy	1
Thanks 4 The Advice & Support	1
sooo bad..	0
Just took $10 off a guy who thinks he can bluff three times in a row and get away with it. Now back to showing how **** my work is	0
my saturday was good  i cannot wait	1
broke	0
how sad.. bye Ange	0
Want:	1
I am now eating one of those big subway cookies with a glass of warm milk. YUM	1
Excited to use it.	1
"AWESOME,"	1
m.im with you whatever happen	1
g!  I love	1
young.	1
Yay!	1
They look stumpy..	0
BAH	0
"amazing,"	1
happy mother`s dayy!!!	1
Happy	1
e really good	1
"****,"	0
ridiculous	0
"Mother hapy,"	1
"argh, sorry,"	0
That sounds great!	1
can`t figure	0
i hate my life!	0
jittery and upset	0
y u gotta say all that	0
I hate you	0
blew	0
t love	1
_l I blame yo	0
whooaaa. just got an overwheolming itus attack after eating	1
Not sure	0
sadly	0
NICE	1
rather excited about my hospital placement starting on monday. I get to give needles and take blood	1
! whoop!!!	1
I told ya`ll I am a good girl. You can see my halo and everything	1
. I felt bad not sending him	0
didnt do anything exciting..	0
Its awsome..	1
don`t feel good!!!!!	0
fun	1
Happy	1
lazzzy ****!	0
not a lot!! im bored!	0
Cannot	0
aaawww im soooOOooo tired today.. i dont feel good..	0
loses	0
thanks	1
None of the people I talk to in my P.E. class are here  I`m going to be so bored all period.	0
****	0
d embarrassing home movies	0
Grrr!	0
hate	0
Sounds like fun.	1
i dont want the seniors to leave	1
e always nice	1
"ate ****, I refuse to bless her cuz she already clingy"	0
i luv him!	1
love	1
good	1
sucks	0
lonely	0
broke	0
I totally love	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
hi thanks for following me.	1
lmao back in queens now	1
****	0
Wave looks interesting. ht	1
a great time with family and friends. Thanks you guys	1
i can`t figure out	0
love	1
I dont wanna impose	1
im upset	0
bad	0
mother of all bad days	0
i felt left out	0
lovely	1
HUGS! U are an inspiring woman!	1
. happy	1
That`s cool!	1
hey sorry	0
What a busy day ... am disappointed that today`s show is a repeat	0
thank you my love	1
i`m still sick	0
best	1
we win	1
bothered	0
sorry i was busy last night	0
sadd i am	0
mindblowing	1
I hate using public toilets	0
funny.	1
Stunning	1
Tshwane wants double rates but try and phone to get service - endless loop #fail	0
good	1
won.	1
box won`t work.	0
beautiful	1
happy	1
pain	0
elusive;	0
Don`t worry about it.	1
excellent	1
"sorry I missed you at the farm today,"	0
anticipating a tough day ahead	0
be sure to save some for me!	1
haha.	1
Happ	1
"I know man, my day off and am pulling myself out of bed"	0
cheers	1
e too easy.	1
HAPPY!	1
sucks.	0
2 grea	1
So much fun	1
Happy	1
happy	1
most amazing power nap ever.	1
nice!	1
fun	1
too hot	0
limp	0
good morning/m	1
tired	0
cant wait to have food.	1
"its cool, and thats good"	1
honored!	1
Charley horses in both legs all night. What the ****?	0
Happy	1
driving me insane!!	0
absolutely gutted that i`m not going to badu tonight.  you guys have fun...! just got home and need to head downtown now. gd this heat!	0
where`s enthusiasm in meeeee	0
"don`t worry though,he will be fine"	1
Thanks you!!	1
Good	1
is a terrible idea. i	0
No FAIR!	0
Love	1
bored	0
miss	0
It`s a shame	0
i dont like funerals	0
headaches	0
' good luck	1
Just got home  interesting night	1
I`m excited/nervous!!!!	1
head hurt	0
amazing	1
scary?	0
sick	0
aw thas good im glad your happy  i jus been chillin	1
i didnt get the msg!! :`( but i bought princess	0
How	0
Ah bad times	0
Jane is really sad because she probably won`t get perfect on tonight`s quiz without the missing article.	0
thnx	1
"immboredddd,"	0
smart	1
beautiful	1
we do to please moms	1
e lovely	1
cried	0
Enjoy	1
Good.	1
excited	1
i am pretty sure i`m not ready for it!?	0
More talent	1
has such a freakin migraine	0
I think and I got worried	0
i think i`ll be home more than i want to be next week - no work booked in for the forseeable.	1
. I envy your productivity	0
There`s a spider in my room. Save me...	0
don`t i know it!	0
Had a ton of fun	1
"!So sorry, I`m not ignoring you, just SLOW."	0
sick	0
hopes for a great race	1
. It`ll be fun	1
The best I could do	1
really good	1
doubt	0
unfortunately I am stuck at work	0
'AAARRRGGGGHHH' is the only thing that can decribe how I feel rite now!	0
yummy	1
mope	0
on. Too slo	0
soooo fun.	1
Have just bought a TV tuner for my laptop.  He he.  I deserve a present	1
havin fun?	1
Yeayy another baby girl in the family	1
the weather is much better there...	1
I appreciate you	1
UGH!	0
sucks	0
I`m so hungry	0
blown up	0
. thats upsetting  sorry	0
bummed	0
lie	0
My eyes hurt	0
My TI89 died.	0
unemployment line here i come.	0
wo	1
"sorry,"	0
thank you	1
bad mood now	0
broken.	0
poor boy	0
Happy	1
I miss working	0
I am not a ****! damnit!	0
thats great	1
great	1
ugh.	0
fantastic	1
im good!	1
"Good too thanks  So, you had a nice evening with your father? that`s cool  Thanks for the link BTW!"	1
May	1
happy mother`s day	1
my blog was marked as a phishing site	0
Goodnight	1
sorry	0
headaches	0
love	1
playing with my amazing dog jack	1
lucky!	1
you`ve been showing so much love!	1
all my files got deleted	0
"Don`t worry,"	1
**** freezing out here!	0
welcome.	1
love	1
favorite	1
Send good vibes!	1
Looks good	1
is so excited fo	1
wanna go	1
slacking	0
"Oh whoops, my bad"	0
"i love all da sexy ladiez ya beautiful unique and sexy, and smart. dont let a **** call u a **** cuz ladies ya worth then dat i mean it"	1
fun	1
Why can`t people just be nice?	0
Relaxing	1
sad.	0
sad.	0
I love it.	1
i love	1
ou deserve so much bette	1
miss	0
miss	0
"wow, serious hard time sleeping. on a decongestant and its keeping me wide awake. I JUST WANNA SLEEP"	0
MISS	0
y well	1
yummy.	1
CongratulationS.	1
g golden times	1
hurt so badly??	0
yeah I guess so  it makes me very sad though becase the disc is scratched!	0
"that would be lovely, alas the cubs would not be gracious enough to stop wrecking the house while we were soaking our bones"	0
alone	0
happy	1
Traffic is down to a crawl	0
"no not proper, my dog barks too much & jumps up & its all my fault for not being strict enough"	0
bored	0
"sad,"	0
thanks	1
love	1
nice outside..	1
sick	0
i`m a little jealous	0
thank	1
fun	1
saddo	0
h fun	1
I`m sorry	0
Apple is also rotten in	0
i want so	1
forgot	0
my pleasure..	1
glad	1
favorite	1
sitting in awe	0
i`m also in the bad books	0
So exhausted.	0
Thank	1
headache	0
chose the wrong time of year	0
gooood	1
THANKS	1
bored.	0
thanks	1
love	1
hate	0
poked	0
lol	1
Thank you very much Rex for FF	1
I HAVE TO **** WORK.	0
good movie night.	1
i love these blogs they`re so funny!	1
good topics.	1
I got in big trouble.	0
Happy	1
st ignor	0
lol. SWEET YEAR  haha	1
fantastic	1
hey beautiful	1
i really miss my satan kitty	0
Goodnight	1
still aint get	0
knows its all going to sort itself out	1
lost my keys at the mall... took me 45 mins to find them	0
Having rice crispies this morning  Brings back some good memories!	1
forgot	0
miss my bed	0
had a horrible dream	0
"y, I don`t have much of a problem"	1
Lucky you	1
hurt.	0
until my parents got all f`d up an	0
elementary	1
So sad.	0
was in pain	0
Sitting outside in the cold by the ocean with a glass of wine.	1
i got luck for u guys to beat la!!	1
I mis	0
Stupid sun	0
wtf	0
Happy Mother`s Day to every single mom out there. I love my mommy	1
depressed	0
"Not to worry,"	1
the weather is perfect for it	1
I`m tired..	0
"I created a monster! bwahaha! oh, and I got your baby home safe and sound."	1
i am going to be disgraced with myself for life if i don`t make it in next year. being a perfectionist sucks. good luckkkk	0
going to be a fun night	1
is a piece of ****.	0
s real geek talk!	1
aww that is sad	0
tired	0
"i love the cheesey ones, and the cool orignal ones"	1
thanks	1
HAPPY	1
hurtling	0
there`s no food	0
Greenville Drive games just aren`t the same without the 'Baseball Guy' clown.	0
stupid	0
headache	0
I absolutely LOVE you.  Thanks	1
it`s so much more fun!	1
Don`t leave forever! We`ll miss you too much	0
oh hi terri good now what about you? any good gossip	1
broke	0
good	1
Defeated	0
rubbish..	0
fine	1
winner	1
serenading	1
kill	0
I knew my mom loved flowers and she loves the Rieger Begonia so... hanging basket seemed perfect	1
Happy	1
Happy	1
nd I wouldn`t miss it for the world	1
Thank God!	1
really like	1
#NAME?	1
happy	1
sorry!	0
hurt.	0
welcome	1
. I wish we were there now!	0
hope I get tones of sweet dealz and lots of fancy clothes	1
Thank you	1
YAAAY!	1
that is awesome!	1
I miss the seniors already	0
sick	0
! That`s sad	0
so good?	1
I sound really Brummie lol but most of all I just hate looking at myself!	0
. It`s worse than I thought it would be.	0
#NAME?	1
not a fan of his music but think he`s hilarious! `**** in my Pants` - WAY too funny	0
HAPPY	1
immensely sad =\	0
Good Morning!	1
disconnected.	0
n fan	1
Happy ve	1
These stupid **** people!	0
Makes me wish	0
hopefully	1
n amazing	1
Welcome	1
.I miss that so much.	0
i don`t like being sick	0
starving	0
"was nice,"	1
friends	1
t enjoy	1
Just got home from another amazing night	1
horrible.	0
"No clever headline, Sorry"	0
Happy	1
but i can`t find a karaoke track in a high enough key	0
excited	1
Stomachace...	0
I hate getting the trailhead	0
re tire	0
thanks	1
tiring.	0
t he had misbehaved specifically to upset your mom and you.	0
I`m at the bottom of the totem pole	0
glad	1
jealous	0
Good	1
super bored	0
sick	0
feel like i lost a limb!.	0
not having a good day..one bad thing after another	0
in a rather bad mood	0
easier route	1
Good afternoon all. Sorted technical glitch.	1
It was so awesome	1
never learned how to write in French- just basic stuff-	0
Epic ocd moment? I deleted my sims file that i spent hours building just because i set his favorite food wrong	0
THAT`S NOT FAIR	0
good!	1
neck really hurts	0
scare me	0
Its sooo good	1
pisses	0
love	1
Hellooooooo...	0
depressing it is being at a steakhouse	0
e what a night	1
Good Morning  Jess here  Just wanted to say thank you to everyone following us  tell your friends about us please	1
I won`t whine about bad beats  ..	1
you can call me anything but 'bitch' i suppose	0
They burnt my zuccini	0
I hope	1
bored	0
sad	0
burned.	0
So sad.	0
nice	1
that is truly impressive.	1
s very sweet	1
I FEEL LIKE ****......	0
I`m so sorry  do you want me to call?	0
THUMPING.	0
can`t wait to crack it open and no doubt will learn from it as well as support my evangelizing cubicle-freedom-ness!	1
sad	0
Lol it went okay! As	1
cry	0
stepped	0
headache	0
****	0
Happy as can be!	1
broke	0
like La	1
its soo sweet!	1
chili cheese fries a bad idea for lunch..	0
i love	1
But I can`t.	0
a little scared.	0
can`t wait for Daughtry`s new album!	1
busy	0
lot funnier	1
my friday feels boring too.	0
r fun	1
"fair enough. actually, you dont have to give me x-men.  mad max will do me fine"	1
t. Ew	0
depress	0
but not doing a follow-up	0
"No fair,"	0
tired	0
i love	1
There was no traffic at all on my way home and all traffic lights were green.Im afraidIowe karma a big check	1
boring	0
hardly recognize or read it back	0
great	1
down	0
beautiful	1
fun	1
love	1
thank you	1
Today was successful.	1
e isn`t legal	0
is up with a nasty cough i cant be sick	0
"Really enjoyed Star Trek - great movie, amazing special effects. Definately recommend"	1
lovely!	1
wonderful	1
Blockbuster.c	1
lovely	1
****	0
So jealous im not at asylum right now	0
"you have been busy, have a lovely time"	1
He`s totally putting my mind at ease	1
'problem'	0
Oh sure . Thx	1
d welcome	1
Romantic evening in with papa murphys and 'battle BC' from the history channel	1
Bloody sunburned	0
"o good foods, good music, great weather!"	1
ohhh that cant be very fun    but hell you manned it up!!   looks like you got some **** done tod	0
like you said you would! I wish you aswered my calls  it cost me	1
****	0
hard	0
disproves	0
gr8!	1
wonderful!	1
sick	0
shut up.	0
o jealous	0
Wishes	1
sadly	0
but i juss cantt sleepp.! omq	0
awesome.	1
**** you tedtalks!	0
"e,so far so good"	1
Good for you Rachel.	1
screwed!	0
I already miss my Mohawk.	0
we have wasted our vacation money	0
I`m so poor.	0
I just spit my drink out!	0
Thank you so much	1
great	1
Its not nice	0
One of my favorite WKP songs!	1
I know you`re excited -	1
so hard	0
sux	0
miss jo	0
"sorry,"	0
misse	0
Wonderful	1
"mad,"	0
"had a fun time at the concert!  almost got a picture with Taylor Momsen, freakin next in line then she left!"	1
i`m happy	1
1 dont really mean anything to me anymore	0
disturbed	0
Sad	0
fresh air	1
nooobody would watch it w/me	0
love you so much!!!	1
Boo Im lonely and bored	0
hurts	0
too hot	0
I always get left out	0
t enjoying	1
t i dnt even care anymore	0
****..	0
stupid	0
crappy	0
Love	1
Just had an iced coffee. Christ that tasted nasty	0
steals	0
HAPPY	1
I am missing him terribly.	0
I don`t wanna be single the rest of my life	1
dancing	1
sad	0
The curse of justin strikes again.... Date the burton and end up screwed  poor sod	0
l love	1
nothing wrong	1
pleasure so just fair warning	1
Yucky!	0
good	1
So happy	1
its to cold	0
skint	0
well	1
Sad	0
Ok this is a lot more boring	0
awesome	1
Congrats	1
is so bored...	0
tired	0
"my brain is gonna explode, a minute from now )"	0
bad	0
d bad	0
"_C I can`t find the original on blip.fm and the Ex Models version, not so much..."	0
fantastic.	1
Happy	1
bored.	0
!! lov	1
please	1
Wow Justin Timberlake on SNL tonight was hilarious! You gotta love that dude!	1
I so like	1
is going to cla	0
Sending angry vibes to the individual in a blue vehicle who hit my car in the QFC parking lot on Broad and failed to leave a note	0
but i love adriana	1
"thanks for the retweet,"	1
kinda nice break	1
Fun	1
Sorry!	0
Thank you for that!	1
My coffee got cold blah!	0
enjoy	1
. I better get to see you. <3	1
hoping I can get some sleep tonight	1
. Woo!	1
finally leaving this place! woohoo! school time!	1
That would be most welcome	1
Bored. (:|	0
Sorry	0
NOOOOOOOOOOOO!	0
not having a good day	0
cool	1
sorry	0
hate	0
HAPPY	1
boo0o0o0o00oring	0
best	1
****!	0
Can`t wait.	1
special	1
I Hate It	0
That`s really of sweet of you!	1
I am too poor	0
isn`t even room for people	0
special	1
I`m not a fan of	0
is feeling bad	0
oh no.... please... dont do that to yourself again	0
lovelies.	1
love	1
worse	0
saaaaaaaaaaaaaad	0
e beautiful	1
good	1
won`t need my hugs anymore	0
Congratulations	1
always makes bad decisions	0
sucks	0
gratitude and wishes you a magnificent & productive start to your day!	1
lame!	0
It`s about to get EPIC!	1
**** if there is anytime I need my car... its now! Dammit	0
crampsss...	0
OH THAT`S GOOD!	1
"sad,"	0
learned	1
dissapointed	0
**** it...	0
I`m glad for you  I`m fine	1
its Monday and all is good	1
a wonderfu	1
****.	0
ugh. i just want things to go back to normal. i miss my best friend	0
beyond despair.	0
4 i lose it	0
good morning.	1
I love making money	1
Miss	0
lost	0
not proud.	0
sound great	1
Trouble in paradice	0
So you`re the reason I can`t get a BoC	0
i miss coffee	0
hope	1
"I can`t open my eyes properly, maybe if i sleep for a lil` while longer it`ll fix itself"	0
sick..	0
being cautious is good.	1
I miss her so much	0
I`m so sorry for your loss	0
Not happy got a big choice to make	0
best	1
This is not good	0
dont want to be though  wish i had slept in more	0
bad	0
Computer pissing me off. 4 gig ram 2.5ghz Dual core and vista freezes...**** you microsoft...i want win 7	0
ls  lo	1
now i dont feel so good	0
Having horrible nightmares not gonna go back to sleep	0
Fun times!	1
sucks	0
Upset	0
woops	0
o stupid	0
Miss it already	0
Swollen face.....again	0
GAH!!	0
sore back	0
Sad	0
VEGA UNDER FIREEEEEE	0
love	1
bothered	1
"Thanks, Wookie-man.  I test stuff out on you. lol"	1
good	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
**** comes home & is going to make a mess of it..	0
stronger	1
hurts!	0
good	1
best	1
thanks	1
safe	1
ahahahahahahahaha	1
**** beautifuul!	1
got burnt up	0
I`m so sorry!.	0
great	1
managed to crash	0
y sadfaced	0
disappointed.	0
d GREAT	1
now it`s too late	0
I`m already so hungry.	0
love	1
headache	0
happy	1
Slowest Friday eeeeevvveeerrrr	0
fmlllll	0
kill	0
grumble..	0
sadly	0
it was never to charge again.	0
bad	0
i think i am going to cry now...	0
cry	0
but it is not	0
Congrats!	1
funny!	1
Congrats Hughesy to you and Holly on the safe arrival of Rafferty David Hughes! Hope all is well  xoxo	1
"Would like to remind people that I am OUT of Kansai Scene, and whatever the current issue is like, I have had nothing to do with it"	0
good	1
"thanks for rubbing it in,"	1
i got **** exam week this week	0
never good	0
Love	1
hate	0
Shame	0
miss	0
disappointing report card	0
don`t be worried! I`m safe and sound!  <3 you!	1
like	1
"haha yeah this is improving my nite big time!!  i have to make a skype call soon tho, so will have to tear myself away.."	1
that would be a good choice	1
I feel real good now	1
hate:	0
Awsome	1
s don`t paint a good picture	0
AWESOME.	1
Good night Tw	1
like a criminal with my cold.	0
I found out about it a little late and couldn`t afford it	0
But it was so good	0
MISS THEM ALREADY	0
enjoying	1
****	0
sorry	0
OMG!!! That`s a nightmare	0
stuck	0
God i`m up early.	0
miss	0
"cant contain myself, tooooooo excited"	1
dreadfully	0
sweet november;	1
tired	0
i hate it.	0
I may shed a tear	0
not really good	0
wish	1
pain?	0
I cut my thumb on a broken coffee pot.	0
I can`t	0
that **** sucks	0
1	1
little bit late	0
lost	0
Ugh RUDE!..	0
its all over! no more high school	0
miss	0
hello loves....	1
ur a poopy head	0
movie out today but i cant go see it	0
Happy	1
best	1
difficult	0
I miss him	0
"layenn down,uughh dunt feel well"	0
. The detalis can get a bit gruesome	0
"Changed my hairstyle,but it isn`t good as it supposed to be N don`t wealth that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~"	0
Thank god for Starbucks	1
y forgiving	1
lovely	1
s so amusing.	1
spending the night with mom and Tommy.. just ordered Pizza Hut.. yum!	1
I am in total love	1
TIGERS! WOO! YOU`RE MY BABY! omfg. cleveland was a blast.	1
killed	0
feels so refreshing	1
I LOVE music!!!	1
bad excuse	0
pretty nice.	1
freakin	0
Stupid work Internet access restrictions	0
love yo	1
i really wish i could make it!	1
That`s not too bad.  Good luck!	1
i feel sad for you elizabeth.	0
Big Sam Houston is not big enough to overcome the challanges of moving-car-iphone photography	0
happy mothers day	1
.we just had to suffer	0
worth	1
one upset daughter  in a bit..mr. Rat took a sudden turn for the worse and didn`t make it	0
Excellent!	1
Lots of fun	1
I was nice!! I called you  lmao	1
chill	1
miss	0
painful	0
cancel	0
", thanks"	1
i love it	1
tan.	0
I can`t wait.	1
So hard to choose!!	0
Great	1
. My feet are killing me	0
"bloody awesome,"	1
special	1
miss my hubby already!	0
unbearable	0
? Nice!	1
Good Morning everybody and happy Mothers Day!!!!	1
HAPPY FRIDAY	1
Wonderful!	1
nice	1
sad..	0
"It started out so lovely this morning,"	1
Beautiful	1
Thanks	1
highly amused	1
it was best for me	1
my phone just died on me  !! Can`t find my charger... my brother needs 2 stop taking mine without asking!!	0
gutted to be at work	0
i wanna good breakfast	1
"Who out there loves the soup. I do, I do."	1
tired	0
Oh no... that bird is back	0
like	1
I`m sad.	0
Twitter stop being a ****	0
doesn`t want to go to work..	0
smells like dead fish	0
bored out of my mind	0
upset	0
loving	1
sadness!	0
nervous	0
poor dog! He	0
This class is really long	0
you taste so good	1
"A nice,"	1
#heartbreak	0
you make me sad.	0
delicious	1
sad	0
Congrat	1
the lights killed the mood	0
death	0
uprooted	0
I hope	1
touche	1
**** IT!!	0
Too bad	0
Yum! Whole box of cookies for me	1
love	1
AHHHH my keyboards getting worse :/	0
like	1
lonely	0
It was fun  it`s been NINE months!	1
excited	1
glad you`re alright!	1
good luck chan!	1
don`t want to go!!!	0
its not it just sucks	0
we miss yu	0
i pulled a muscle in my neck this morning just feels like its getting more sore	0
*hugs	1
"sadly,"	0
I loved it!	1
& healthy choice	1
love a free night	1
funny	1
"nice song,"	1
Pretty good.	1
but **** it..	0
wish	1
i cant spell	0
Best	1
I can`t wait to see them!	1
"she can rock a guy`s world at night, then make him pancakes the next morning!"	1
love	1
"Peace Bro, thanks for not just the music, but proudly representing as a father all over - Happy Mother`s Day"	1
love	1
"I don`t want to lose my wisdom teeth, they make me wise. I will soon be without a trace of wisdom"	0
acing	1
happy	1
o popular	1
screwed to hell by viruses.	0
i m so hating it	0
i hate songs and surveys  they always seem to make me cry.	0
Noiiiiice	1
Scary!	0
He lost his passport bt	0
thanks for the food Jean	1
"Awww man that does suck big time  But look at it this way, it gives you something to look forward too, a nice long ride"	1
Sometimes knowledge is not a good thing.	0
great job with a great character	1
well done.	1
awww i`m sorry  what kind of fish did you have?	0
I have a sore tummy	0
Tired an	0
who cares its hockey	0
My chick wont shut up	0
I Luv Da movie Sa	1
sucks.	0
doesn`t like me	0
wonderful...	1
I love you Thomas.	1
smelly	0
so sad	0
haven`t seen	0
damned	0
I must say that I find it very much agreeable	1
like	1
Yuuum	1
New picture  bored.	0
awwww	1
Good luck 2 u and the babies	1
sore	0
e she will not last long	0
Nice	1
s so weird being under drugs i dont like it ..	0
"Sadly, it was just a dream"	0
I hate the long drive there...	0
Don`t make shows like this	0
cause they are liers	0
faults	0
not one decent place	0
The beer buzz is almost gone.. The world has become complicated again	0
the end is nigh	0
you sure love that sushi.	1
"sounds very good,"	1
is amazing-j	1
o stupid	0
At least ONE of you could be happy with a glass of wine	1
I`m so excited!	1
"fail,"	0
a GREA	1
bad	0
hate	0
ouch	0
I wish I had something to do..	0
depressing!	0
die.	0
can we please?	1
.  Sorr	0
I really really love you mitchel! You`re AWESOME	1
lost his job	0
useless	0
ahhh yay!	1
Just bad day.	0
o LOVE	1
"Hope the book is going well. Cheers for adding me,"	1
he so is! <3	1
I feel great.	1
comfy	1
Enjoy your weekend!	1
Happy	1
i get migranes	0
I`m more upset	0
"Many thanks, mate"	1
toughest	0
So sorry	0
ugh	0
fun	1
best.	1
the inspiration	1
"..Get Over On His Mom & Now I Feel Horrible, He Must Think I am.  That`s Not What I Meant. Just Thought It`d Be Better Than The Brunt."	0
Nice	1
cancelled..	0
good	1
perfect	1
Pretty sure you are hero status... You rock my socks	1
funny	1
chucking	0
TIRED!	0
sick	0
nottt nice	0
sucks	0
None of their phone #`s work.	0
thanks	1
miss	0
glad	1
so sweet	1
"SOO **** COOL,"	1
i just found a crack in my baking bowl...milk spilled everywhere	0
ARNOLD couldn`t save the parks	0
i cut my hand open!!!	0
WTF??	0
glad	1
so meann	0
stupid	0
i like love iCarly it rocks.	1
getting really excited for junior senior	1
like	1
miss WA	0
funny!	1
forgot	0
i quite like God Save Our King too	1
I hope	1
yall partyin with out me	0
cool	1
creep.	0
****	0
That would be SOOOOOO much and Geeky to the ultimate LEVEL!	1
BEST	1
Good	1
it was fun  off too	1
isn`t so bad wh	1
i started having anxiety	0
Awesome	1
hard!	0
there`s nothing wrong with having a quiet day... it gives you more time to listen	1
We can`t wait to see you!	1
stinkin` adorable!	1
I have the weirdest hives all over my legs and arms. What the heck am I allergic to? It itches SO bad! Dang it!	0
dread	0
drama is no fun without you.	0
thanks	1
miss	0
hate him lots.	0
"wow,"	1
Bye bye edinburgh  i don`t want to leave	0
Good	1
Happy	1
have a good day	1
HAPPY	1
Good Night	1
hope	1
please	1
I hate being sick.	0
I fee your pain	0
What a nice young guy at dunkin donuts let me go first	1
i wish i was there too	1
Sad	0
Lol	1
Thanks for making me laugh	1
"Ha... Totally go for it. You`re a journalism major, so it`s a perfect fit."	1
not  sorry	1
not my best	0
awful.	0
I`m sorry	0
Feel I`ve got a real bargain from http://www.laskys.com  ï¿½80 cheaper than the place I almost used.	1
.  Congrat	1
**** Felicia is freakin cute	1
awww	1
won`t	0
lovely fans	1
TRUE	1
unfortunately	0
dirteeh..	0
excellent	1
i feel ashamed	0
today was the BEST <3	1
nice luke quote  goodluck on the test u have been dreading.	1
u help	1
hate	0
hardly	0
Interesting.	1
go dreambears <33333 hahahahaha	1
bad	0
Happy	1
bad	0
my feet are cold.....i hate when my feet get cold	0
i`m sickk  ... tomorrow will be a disaster	0
nobody evr reply`s 2 me.	0
Ahaha!! I have all of your albums.  Each stuff of your music is so beautiful! That`s why I am so in love with them.	1
trouble	0
Best	1
! it was really good.	1
ily favourite	1
! too bad	0
oooh that`s clever.	1
I wish	1
Scared as ****.	0
That`s sad.	0
I am sad that my kids were ungrateful today	0
hate	0
its going to be a long day at the office	0
"not horrible,"	1
e absolutely terrible!	0
Happy	1
Gross!	0
The good ones deserve to be recognized	1
I feel old.	0
not fair!!	0
adoarble	1
Fails.	0
I am so ready to go.	1
I know it`s sad	0
chillin	1
woke up feeling worse.	0
Why is  scared or  lmao.. Someone pls tell me!!	0
yum yum	1
I  do not want to work tomorrow!	0
bummed	0
My poor bebe!	0
"Its raining cats and dogs here, in Mysore! Thankfully, no pigs/swines!"	1
sounds good.	1
Why can`t I buy the Nokia N97?!? Amazon says 'cannot ship to this address.'	0
I am regretting that I did not see his collection tonight  I got invites!	0
weird	0
delicious	1
closing.	0
youre too busy for me.	0
I don`t know if I can make that one.	0
. Sad	0
Thanks	1
Sorry to hear that.	0
Happy	1
I dnt wanna goooo!	0
loveliness! (wondering if I spelt colossal right...)	1
I scare	0
I`m so happy!	1
sick	0
"omg! i luv u guys, thanks for keepin me entertained, and awake !  .... missinmydgbigtyme"	1
tricked	0
Oh snap!	0
i love you more than you`ll ever know.	1
sorry	0
it all  not a nice feeling	0
tired	0
horrible	0
happy mothers day to all mothers	1
Starting to get sad.	0
dang having to work saturday mornings	0
special people.	1
soooo far away.	0
"not sick,"	1
I just had a horrible dream.	0
its too sunny for work  !!!	0
dead	0
hate	0
"i feel like i`m quarantined everywhere i go... pinkeye, go away already!"	0
hope	1
. don`t blame me	0
"City Dippin iz u fun, so much eye candy out here...I remember y I miss  LOL"	1
M DOWN	0
I`m sick	0
Did not feel like getting up	0
upset	0
", its hard to tell"	0
Hahaha!	1
happy birthday	1
stuck in stupid	0
I LOVE	1
good morning to everyone	1
"scary i know,"	0
it fuunn	1
Am dum diggin` it	0
annoyed	0
Good morning world.	1
Yay!	1
just had an awesome Girl Scout Day at Dodger stadium with two awesome olympic athletes Joanna Hayes and Heather Bown!  And we won!	1
Enjoying the happiness of this special day. Another day that I can make the best one of my life	1
? I liked your interviews with her.	1
chilly	0
Happy Mother`s Day	1
Sad	0
an AWESOM	1
absolutely heartwarming.	1
I liked	1
It`s nice to see you!	1
wish	1
not fair.	0
"Thanks,"	1
sorry	0
Being slammed wi	0
happy	1
I love	1
sux u will be poor tho	0
That`s **** awesome!	1
"Excellent, he will never know, lmao."	1
i was too much of a punk ****	0
I want	1
one day my hugs will come    *fingers still crosse	1
fav	1
I love chocolate.	1
e it`s not the most obvious thing though	0
pricey	0
HATE	0
Not professional at all.	0
ultimate	1
LOL I	1
ARGGGHHHHHHHHHHH	0
miss you	0
ty for feeding	1
I cant WAIT to be home and snuggle with my puppies! and my Fiance	1
hard.	0
Hate	1
FUNNY	1
Happy	1
Not Good	0
aww!	1
us gla	1
boring	0
noisy peeps	0
HEHEHE SWEET )	1
hates	0
I love you mama	1
I wish	1
believe	1
Goodnight;	1
awesome	1
"good morning  one m,ore day YAY!"	1
Cause these stupid people dont have my phone and my tummy herts	0
i wish you were playing at MY prom	1
Awesome	1
beautiful	1
luv it  so true	1
i dont want to go	0
"problems constantly,"	0
help	1
tired an	0
"But if they didn`t, I feel bad."	0
thanks anyway!	1
baffles	0
? I have such a lead foot	1
Happy	1
THE CURIOUS CASE OF BENJAMIN BUTTON!!!!! I`m so excited about this **** movie	1
*hug*	1
i love my new slippers!	1
Happy Mothers Day!	1
Thanks	1
best writing five years	1
o repent!	0
e sore	0
can`t find one	0
miss	0
Happy	1
its all good fun today	1
can`t get here fast enough!	0
I sunburnt through factor 30	0
i love all the songs	1
burns..	0
happy	1
LOVE	1
cursing	0
careless	0
Have a HUGE headache... don`t have asprin here at work.	0
jealous!	0
#myweawkness chocolate..	0
we are free	1
not good enough!	0
i`m bored :	0
socialising  Wow.	1
awww  i mish u too ladie whats been good?	1
fail.	0
Wish	1
Love	1
failed	0
f nice	1
.whoops!	1
have fun without me pasty  <33	1
Is feeling really bad about goofin` on  not knowing she really wasn`t at the meeting! Dang I`m sorry! Me & my big `ol mouth	0
glad	1
Sorry	0
care	1
sucked	0
aren`t posting   super excited	0
isint letting me	0
SUCKS!	0
reaaaallly bored	0
down again BLAH!	0
I`m really mad at the world today. Today is just a sucky day.	0
car accident	0
that sux!	0
my head explode.	0
counting the minutes	0
Love	1
I loved	1
fun	1
I can not sleep	0
i`m so glad	1
hate	0
Good rainy morning all	1
hope.	1
gloomy	0
y fault	0
i need a hug to bad	0
elet br	0
i have a weird subconscience.	0
I missed you guys this morning.	0
slow	0
sorry	0
ran over	0
crashed	0
congrats!	1
sorry	0
sooo godamn funny.	1
is still waiting.	0
I`m sorry	0
Happy	1
it was closed	0
mighty entertaining	1
losing	0
Good day	1
Lonely weekend ahead.	0
I am always crying	0
smells gorgeous	1
grateful	1
long luvly	1
is problem free for now.	1
meaningful	1
Agreed!	1
Happy Mother`s Day to all you mother`s in Twitterville!	1
has a sore throat	0
i have a fever	0
so hot in the office	0
Don`t bother	1
"Feeling inspired this evening, huh?"	1
yay!	1
SUCKS	0
liked	1
I HATE I MISSED  INTERVIEW!	0
ill	0
have fun ! bbq is good ! no matter where it is	1
s insane quality	1
not a good day.	0
i only love you too sissy!!!!!	1
im so tired	0
pretty	1
Happy Mother`s Day	0
Yeah it`s a really fascinating	1
tooth came out !	0
God bless	1
disgusted	0
i love	1
I feel like my dream just got crushed	0
bask	1
not much fun	0
horrific we	0
it`s my fave!	1
_joy it`s entirely possible	1
my heart hurts too.	0
welcome	1
terrible	0
"Ugh, I don`t know if U even care about Nicole Richie, but I do and C that I missed her on TV last nite despite the twitter"	0
sad	0
happy to b home	1
!  Happ	1
pretty	1
sorry	0
expensive	0
.    Life is	1
Had the best night I`ve had in a while.	1
That poor goose.	0
my feelings are hurt	0
My husband thinks my Twittering makes me a creeper...	0
Thanks	1
dammit	0
.i`m really gna miss it	0
too hard to please all of my friends at once	0
beautiful	1
have fun see	1
glad	1
Hahahaha	1
poor little Core Duo just can`t keep up	0
"missing my man,"	0
c haha	1
#NAME?	1
cute	1
me happy & motivated	1
Happy birthday.	1
"It`s 12:30AM,  stopped tweeting, my brain`s not functioning. I wanna cry. Haha. Philippines tour, please?"	0
h takes hours	0
beautiful	1
Congratulations!	1
e nuts	0
hate	0
l miss	0
you do look Hot in your pic... That`s gotta work for most of us...	1
or missin	0
"went well,"	1
.. hope everyone has a great day!!!	1
thank you	1
not looking forward to going back to school	0
miss	0
hope	1
? Was I not cool	0
haha **** hell i know ay. **** son he`s just making trouble. we could take him.	0
i wish i had friends i could spend the night with	0
thanks	1
good morning everbody!	1
sorry	0
love new shoes  thanks wine lo	1
i had fun  really tired now.	1
like	1
missing	0
That`s looks really good.	1
i miss you	0
Happy	1
problems	0
I can`t stand to have her	0
I don`t think I am going to get to see any of the sun today  gutted	0
Sorry	0
boo	0
successfully	1
I love  the names!	1
awesome.	1
happy mothers day	1
losing followers	0
can`t wait!	1
y! Congrats!	1
im sickkk	0
aww  i will keep sending it ;)	1
don`t worry	1
Love yo	1
cries	0
upset	0
"I wonder if she knows how shallow, airy & dumb her tweets make her sound."	0
don`t wanna waste	1
.  thank yo	1
great night! great peolple!	1
Ugh! I just realized that I have to completely redo my tweetdeck groups! Pains of computer being wiped clean!	0
well-deserved break	1
s hoping	1
says BAD TRIP!	0
apologies don`t fix hurt feelings kev.	0
Y doesn`t like Shiny Happy People.	0
stuck	0
welcome	1
tyvm	1
arghhhh	0
looking forward	1
bad.	0
"long, fun day"	1
"very well edited,"	1
sounds good.	1
not feeling well	0
"Rich man is amazing, really can`t be bothered for school on Monday"	1
wish	1
I`m sick	0
fantastic.	1
coming up the worst possible thing	0
soo boring..	0
tired!!!	0
Thanks!	1
honor	1
tired.	0
hoping to get pox-syphilis soon	0
good	1
sad	0
Happy	1
Horrible	0
He`s fascinating. I love his bedroom..	1
not the most pleasant ones	0
missed	0
Its a gorgeous day	1
HaPPy B-DAY Ma Freaaaaaaak  <3	1
saying goodbye to Papa....	0
You`re cycling tho` that`s good. Healthy eating  Healthy and eating are a contradiction in terms.	1
i want so bad to go to the mcfly`s concert	1
"happiness gone,"	0
BLESSED!	1
It rains and it sucks so much because it`s the second day in a row	0
lame.	0
ry nervou	0
Missed getting my 'Twilight' jacket	0
I hope you feel better soon	1
i hope they stay warm and safe tonight	1
i knooow  its the pizza girl episode xD <3	1
It`s REALLY cool!	1
Happy Mother`s Day	1
Is tired!	0
that sucks	0
"i`m sorry! lol i have never had, like, actual time to spend there unfortunately. everything`s always been INSANE when i go"	0
awesome!	1
<3 to my favorite blogging site.	1
Mount dishes have been conquered. Dish land is ours	1
Thanks	1
He`s SOOO adorable.	1
love	1
fun	1
Someone just **** up birthday **** for me ...  he basically said the song is about a **** being selfish ... Listen to the song carefully	0
Thanks	1
good	1
y one of my favorite cities in the world.	1
haha	1
Fuzzball is more fun	1
"Moving is great,"	1
tired	0
bad	0
awesoome!	1
loves	1
cant sleep	0
blimey!	0
"great to finally meet you last night! Wish we had more time to talk. Can`t go to the coffee GTGs, though... Day job."	1
bad car accident...	0
I look forward	1
I hope	1
How it sucks	0
Good am all..	1
i miss my boo	0
Nugget bit Jack. I told him not to poke the poor hamster!	0
dont get too excited bby i hear thunder rolling in	0
UGH I HATE QUEUEING	0
friday night is my fav night	1
Happy	1
I miss	0
it would cost too much	0
Happy	1
missed	0
busted	0
Screw all vacuums!!	0
missing my car SO MUCH!!!	0
i should be finished.... but i`m not.	0
yucky burn	0
miss	0
es faile	0
Soooo humid outside!	0
crazy	1
hope	1
Aww	1
I cant	0
"mine has been bothering me again,"	0
". It`s not awful, but pretty icky"	0
. you will win! love you	1
can`t believe	0
Nice	1
Just woke up and feels so **** lazy  time to work out damnit!	0
"I loves me some Jeff Lynne,"	1
excited	1
can`t wait to see the smile on her fac	1
. that was so sweet	1
Enjoy!	1
Oh no! you poor thing	0
really good.	1
e sad	0
Yay me	1
Happy Mother`s Day !	1
hurts	0
which really sucks	0
So excited	1
I only have $4.38 in my account	0
I love it  Guess I won`t win though LOL	1
insane	0
?lol thnx for postin WMIAD  loved it	1
aww i feel so bad for Holly	0
nice!	1
Its so nice i ahd to work today	1
I love	1
problem	0
?  i can`t move eithe	0
love	1
A long and stressful day coming up tomorrow.	0
missed	0
Great	1
WHY CANT I FIND IT!!!	0
nutritious	1
Good luck	1
Hope	1
Good	1
beautiful day.	1
fun	1
GOOD	1
hate wr	0
welcome to Twitter babes!	1
worthless.	0
lame	0
i wish you still loved me	1
At least you made it	1
very cute indeed.	1
Luv	1
The insomnia is kickin` my butt	0
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommys.	1
filthy	0
No u guys!  said California in an angry tweet to perez hilton! Jonathan was so upset he spelled California wrong	0
is liking this feeling	1
"ah good deal, hope you find some new music"	1
very good day	1
unfortunetly	0
Off home ill from work. This man flu is hell	0
You`ll love it and then the cocktails	1
so fun.	1
nice	1
coolio	1
how I love thee	1
cutest	1
thanx	1
"Killed a pigeon today  Thought it was going to move out the way of the car.. next thing I know, BANG feathers in the rear view mirror RIP"	0
good	1
threw	0
I look at Twitter games as harmless fun.	1
pretty	1
had a wonderful evening with those I love!	1
too much stress	0
****.	0
"c, sorr"	0
so sad	0
"I bet you received lots of hit from that tweet; at work i cannot, wish i could"	0
hopefully	1
today was interesting...	1
i have a crush on someone!	1
The heartache is never going to go away	0
love	1
happy	1
perfect.	1
appreciated.	1
slow!	0
you lvoe me!	1
This is a much better tool	1
hate	0
ch appreciat	1
thanks.	1
Safe	1
"Thanks al...i had a freakin ball!! great company, awesome venues....what more could a girl want?  love ya!!"	1
Glad to see  and more Red Bull Air Racers here keeping us in the loop	1
shocking.	0
favorite!	1
haha that`s way cool!	1
Yay!	1
"ja, enjoyyitverymu"	1
me miss high school	0
really really wants to go and see Coraline.	1
urgh... stupid project.. don`t wanna go to track after school! too tired!	0
i wish you were in my class last year	1
! beautiful	1
WHY DO I EVEN TRY... WHEN DEEP DOWN INSIDE I KNO THERE PAIN ON THE OTHER SIDE	0
so pretty  thanks	1
ish okay my loveee	1
death	0
too far away	0
Wow. So I hate Staples right now. Majorly. Thanks for being complete fucktards and killing our productivity	0
super nice	1
Happy	1
m sad	0
****	0
im glad	1
? That seems totally out of line	0
AWWW they are so sweet. I am so lucky to have my kids.	1
Really good night	1
great start	1
sniffle sniffle sob. sob.	0
Where is my bestie when i need him	0
haox.	0
I GET IT.	0
I love him.	1
i am glad	1
happy all	1
you`re proud of and you love eachother	1
"simple greetings from unexpected people can actually lighten our mood,"	1
wanna leave work al	0
really wish	1
good	1
thanks	1
Fun	1
MISS	0
breakingg	0
enjoy	1
welcome	1
t bored	0
were too late	0
I feel good ab	1
enjoy	1
d lost	0
", don`t force"	0
Yay good for both of you.	1
But it was worth it  ****.	1